Farmland, housing and industry or saving land for animals?

Nowadays, there is a prevailing opinion that human needs for farmland, housing and industry are more important than saving land for endangered animals. People who disagree with the point dispute that the decreasing of land for endangered animals will bring damage to ecological balance. As far as I am concerned, I agree with the opinion human needs for farmland, housing and industry are more important. The reasons are based on the following aspects.
First, land used for farmland, housing and industry can benefit more to the whole society. There is no deny that the economy of the whole society will be developed with the help of agriculture, real estate industry and industry, in particularly industry which is the pillar industry of national economy, because they produce plenty of profits. What is more, the society will be stable and harmony due to more farmland and industry. It is widely acknowledged that more farmlands and industries can provide more job opportunities which can decrease the unemployment rate and crime rate. Thus the needs for farmland, housing and industry are more important.
Second, farmland, housing and industry can satisfy the desire of human that living a better life. It is clearly understood that farming, housing and industry provide us the food we eat, place we live, clothes we wear, which are essential to live. Especially in some poor areas, survival is the most significant thing. In addition, highly developed agriculture and industry can improve our living conditions which allow us have a good quality life. 
Last I want to mention is that even though farmland, housing and industry will occupy the land used for endangered animals, it can do good to protect the endangered animals. According to the discuss above, agriculture and industry make a contribution to the economy. With the economy development, we can have more advanced methods to take care of endangered animals. For instant, we can invent new technique to help endangered animals to produce offspring to be sure they would not distinct.
All in all, protecting endangered animals is necessary, nevertheless, human needs for farmland, housing and industry are more important.

###

Education plays an important role in the socioeconomic status of a country

Education is undeniably an economic necessity. In most countries, it makes up a considerable part of its national budget yearly. In highly industrialized countries, undertakings are made to make it accessible and affordable to all. I believe that education is the single most important factor in the development of a country.
In a developing country, not many can afford to send their children to school. There are government schools where tuition fees are practically free but they are not aplenty and mostly are situated in the cities. They are not reachable by children who live in the mountains or islands. These children whose parents are either farmers or fishermen, can hardly eat three meals a day, let alone afford to pay for transportation to get to these schools everyday. As a result, these children remain uneducated and will have the same fate as their parents.
Development through education does not necessarily mean raising a country full of doctors, lawyers or engineers. Basic education teaches one child to read and write. Supplementary education provides him with useful knowledge and information. A further specific education can teach an individual with skills enough to make a living and be self-sufficient. A well-informed man can act sensibly and make sound judgment. In the same way, a skillful man contributes favorably and is valuable to the society. Collectively, the benefits of education can make a man, a society and a developed country.
In conclusion, education plays an important role in the socioeconomic status of a country. The more people in the country become educated, the better chance it can develop.

###

Competition or co-operation-which is better

The modern society is full of cut-throat competition. Some people think that inculcating co-operative approach in a child is essential while some think that competing is the best way to succeed. However, co-operative approach always helps a child to become a responsible adult with good moral values and a friendly social circle.
Co-operation is essential for teamwork. Educational systems emphasize on encouraging co-operative approach in children. We live in a social setup and mutual help and sharing only leads to success. A person can not learn or achieve everything by oneself. For instance, lions hunt in a team. It is only due to their teamwork that they are able to catch a prey and make task easy. In the same way, co-operative approach will save time, energy and will have a higher success rate.
Nevertheless, co-operation helps to understand other's perspective and learn by their mistakes. It helps to identify one's strengths and weaknesses as compared to others. A co-operative approach can create inspirational and motivational feeling seeing other people's achievements. However, competition is also as important as co-operation.
Unfortunately, the meaning of competiton has been modified in a wrong direction. An individual must compete with oneself only, instead of trying to beat others. Competition has helped the development of science and technology. Competition helps in improvement and evolution. For example, every other day, new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others. This kind of competition gives customers more options.
However, blind and selfish competition is detrimental. 'Your loss, my gain' kind of competition can never be fruitful in the long run. Competition should be always based on self-improvement rule. A healthy competition which involves raising one's own level above others is the best approach.
Thus, competition and co-operation go hand in hand. These are two sides of the same coin which can't be separated. I firmly believe that children should be taught co-operation complimented with a healthy competition. They must be made aware of the demerits of selfish competition. When co-operation and healthy competition is followed together, success, achievements, recognition and any goal becomes easier.

###

Modern technology has impacted the traditional cultures in both negative and positive ways

Nowadays, technology has been developing significantly, impacting many aspects of our life. While there is belief that technology advances means a lost in traditional cultures, I would argue that although the affect of technology on culture is undeniable, it has also contributed to the preservation of traditonal culture.
Thanks to modern technology, our life has been improved with many gadgets. The invention of mobile phone and internet has changed our traditional ways of communicating as well as working, it has also been much less labourous than in the pass with the assistance of electrical machineries. However, these newfangled practices has replaced many old traditional ones. For instance, factories equipped with new and highly-productive system has replaced old handmade products, the exchange of letters among friends is so hard to be seen as we have had emails and social network instead, new video games has superseded the old-physical ones. Many old traditionally cultural things have long gone as a result of modern technology.
However, despite the drawback mentioned above, technology has also made some contributions to the maintenance and study of traditional cultures in some ways. Internet has aided to assess the young generations to the cultural identity of many nations from all around the world. With the help of advanced methods, many art masterpiece has been well restorated and well preserved. Modern devices also assist the scientists to study the ancient societies much more deeply, hence discovering more cultural traces.
To give a brief conclusion, Modern technogy has impacted the traditional cultures in both negative and positive ways.

###

Should high school make music lessons compulsory

Most people claim that in high school music must be taught as a main subject, while others say that this is an unnecessary subject and should at least be optional. In this essay I will give my opinion for both sides.
It is obvious that music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology. Therefore, many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music. I have an impression that students, who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time. In this case, music can be a useful and interesting solution. Moreover, if musical activity involves many participants, there will be co-operation and developed team work in the group, which is, of course, beneficial in their future life. In fact, students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music. Consequently, the calm atmosphere in the class might be created.
By contrast, it is clear that music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students. In our hectic life, however, demand is not for musically orientated students, but for academically developed employees. Hence, I agree with the majority, because music is the art which requires special attitude towards it. Increasingly however, students can not obtain supposed impacts, unless they get interested in it more seriously. Therefore, music and other entertaining subjects should be optional. Nowadays, time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace. To my mind, students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation-related subjects, rather than playing on guitar or singing a song.
In conclusion, I think that in order to be a competitive worker, students must know their field in an advanced level. On the other hand, music can help an individual to shape its character. An integration of music into learning process bound to be successful when it is not compulsory.

###

Work for themselves vs work for employer

Most people want to work for an employer, because they want to feel secure about their salary, or feel comfortable about other problems of having own job such as paying tax, worrying about selling, etc. Despite these problems, personally, I would prefer to have my own job. My arguments are listed as follows. 
First, time is the more valuable thing, which I have in my life. By having my own business, I can manage my own time. I could work whenever I want, or I do not need to give reasons to my boss for a delay. I can arrange time to travel when I would like. In addition, I can work long hours for earning more money. Totally, the most important reason for me to be self-employed is the sense of free. 
Moreover, earning money is the fundamental reason that why people work. The amount of money is always the most important criterion for everyone to choose a job. If I work for other people, I have to give my ideas to employers cheaply. Therefore, I never have been rich in my life, because my salary is not dramatically changed. In spite of many problems of having own business, I can earn more money based on my creativity and personal ideas. 
To sum up, in spite of the fact that many people are not eager to work for themselves, I would like to run my own business to control my own time, and to earn more money based on my noble ideas.

###

Young adults preference on how long they should live with their parents before moving out

As young people gets older they tend to seek more freedom and want to live on their own. But, the issue of what is the right age for young adults to leave their parents and start living on their own is a contentious one. Personally, I believe that young adults should live with their parents for a longer period of time.
Living on your own is a huge financial commitment. At younger age people are less likely to get a high paying job, so It can be a difficult task to pay for rent, food, utilities and other expenses to sustain yourself. So, I believe that living with parents is a wise choice for adults until they get a head start to their professional career with a reasonable income.
Another advantage of living with parents for a longer period of time is the enhanced emotional attachment with them. Parents have valuable advice to their children as they go through the changes in their adult life. Living together develops the environment of discussing adult's physiological and psychological changes face to face with their parents. Young adults will feel reluctant to discuss such problems with their parents if they move out and live on their own, and thus missing the valuable input of their parents.
While some critics may argue that, young adults living with parents will not be free to do what they want. However, I believe that most young adults are inclined to take unprecedented advantages of the freedom they have. It is good thing if living with parents does not give freedom for young people to party all night, smoke or do drugs. 
In a nutshell, I believe that young adults should only consider living on their own only after they are sure they could sustain on their own. It is unwise to trade the opportunity of living with parents for a longer period of time for some late night parties or drugs. Thus, to cope with the physiological and psychological changes of adult life, to make financial life a less struggle and to prevent oneself digress from their destined path, it is important for young adults to live with their parents for a longer period of time.

###

Smoking should not be promitted in restaurants or other public places

Smoking brings a person great enjoyment and relief. However, one should not be encouraged to smoke as the cost of other people's health. In this case, I advocate the idea that smoking should be prohibited in restaurants as well as other public places, and that we should support states laws to ban it because smoking not only damages the restaurant's environment, but also imposes a potential threat on others' health.
First of all, although it is too strong to assert that smoking should be prohibited everywhere in the society, one smoking in a restaurant is considered to enjoy his time with the ignorance of others' health. It is generally believed that, the second-hand smoke, which comes from the smoker's mouth, puts an even greater threat on surrounding people's health than the smoker himself. For example, if there is only one person smoking in a restaurant, all others will smoke unconsciously and their health is under attacked. This is because some burned substance in a cigarette can easily deteriorate a person's respiratory system after he/she inhales it. Therefore, smoking in restaurants should be strictly banned because it makes the restaurant a polluted place which threatens every customer's health.
Furthermore, even though some customers do not worry about the threat that second-hand smoke imposes on them, the disgusting smoke will severely affect their appetite, or, in other words, spoil their meals and make them an unpleasant experience. The smoke exhaled from the smoker often makes other people feel uncomfortable or disgusted, thus affecting their mood in having their meals. This, on the other hand, can indirectly decrease the restaurants' popularity because fewer people are willing to consume there due to their unpleasant experiences. 
Lastly, smoking does no good to the smoker himself. Not only does it aggravate his health, making him more subject to respiratory diseases, but also it damages his public image and reputation. This is especially true when the smoker is a popular political figure or an entertainmening celebrity, because most people see smoking in restaurants as an impolite human behavior. At this point, the public are likely to believe that the smoker lacks basic civility and should not be encouraged to be a public leader. 
To conclude, smoking in a restaurant is a harmful and disrespectable behavior. It spoils the smoker's reputation and threats other people's health. Therefore, it is unwise to smoke in a restaurant as well as other public places, and relevant state laws should be codified to strictly prohibit it.

###

Is image more powerful than the written word?

"A picture is worth a thousand words" is a popular maxim that is being used for a very long time. This strongly depicts the power of images in conveying messages, ideas, or opinions to people. Nevertheless, the importance of written word can never be denied as it is also another way of communication that is commonly used. Hence, I agree only to certain degree that in today's world, image serves as a more effective means of communication.
Firstly, pictures can influence the way people think. For example, nowadays horrendous images are displayed on the cigarette boxes to illustrate the consequences of smoking. As a result, statistics show a slight reduction in the number of smokers, indicating that they realize the effects of the negative habit. Not only that, the magnificent photograph captured by Kevin Carter, which portrayed a starving Sudanese child struck by extreme poverty has successfully highlighted the plight faced by the citizens in Sudan. Apart from that, images are also widely used in newspapers, magazines and advertisements. Thus, it is undeniable that images in the absence of words can obviously claim the attraction of many.
Looking from another perspective, written words are also vital in order to spread across certain messages. With only pictures, everyone is left to their own interpretation on how they perceive the images. Nonetheless, this is different when words are used to explain what the illustration is about. Furthermore, the primary way of educating students is also by this way. Academic textbooks these days are laden with words besides pictures to guide the readers to comprehend better.
To conclude, both images and words go hand in hand and one cannot wholly emphasise on only one aspect, either images or words. Hence, for a more meaningful communication, these two elements have their respective roles to play: image to exemplify and words to describe a particular subject.

###

The best way of learning life

Life is full of challenges, difficulties and unexpected obstacles. Therefore, learning about life, which is useful for foreseeing problems and be assertive enough to overcome them are needed. Two main ways of learning about life are listening to the advice of family and friends and learning through personal experience. Both ways are good to follow because they all have their own distinct advantages.
On one hand, the way of learning life through listening to the advice of family and friends is more realistic than the latter. Family members such as your parents are experienced in life so they can give you proper and sincere guidance on every aspect of life. And friends, people who are the same generation with you, they are understand your favorite and ability enough to tell you which is suitable for you, which is not. By listening to your family and friends advice, you can definitely avoid many unexpected things.
On the other hand, finding out life through personal experience can help you become more independent and mature. For one thing, there are so many grate things that you can missed if you don't experience it by yourself. For example, a friend told you not to try skydiving because it was so dangerous. If you did as he told, you could fail to see how wonderful it is to be fall freely. In addition, family and friends accidentally harm you by giving you advice all the time. You will grow to be dependent and reliant. In contrast, free yourself and do what you desire without notice about consequences is the way that success people would like to choose.
According to myself, both ways are good, but I prefer the latter. It is because growth is a long process that experience is indispensable. I believe that experiencing the real life by myself, I could learn more than just obey the advice. Parents and other predecessors used to experience their own life by themselves, why don't the younger try to do the same?
In summary, each way learning life has its own benefits. But to me, learning about life through personal experience seems more appropriate.

###

Follow the New Customs of the New Country or Not?

When people move to another country, most likely, they will face the choice between following the customs of the new country or keeping their original one. Some people choose the former one to assimilate themselves into the new culture, while some insist the latter one because the new customs are difficult to be accepted. As for me, I would follow the new customs, if I migrated to another country.
On one hand, it will be easier for people to assimilate into a new country, if they follow the new customs. When people migrate to a new country, they are likely to suffer the culture shock, because of the difference between two cultures. The custom is just a form of the culture and following the custom is a good way to know more about this culture. For example, if one wore in white and went to common Viharas to observe a rather longer-than-usual, full-length Buddhist sutra in Buddha's Birthday in India, he or she would learn something about Indian religion and culture. As a result, people understand the culture, and then they adapt to the new country.
On the other hand, keeping own customs stably might cause discrimination. When people insist to keep their own customs and refuse to accept the new one, they regard themselves as a special group in the new country. The local people may also regard them as a special group as well and separate them from the main-stream society. One example of this is that the Chinese immigrants in Indonesia in 1969. They formed Chinatown and kept Chinese language and customs in it. While the Indonesians stopped working at 4:00 pm and went home for rest, Chinese immigrants were still working. Although being much richer than local people, they faced the discrimination. Their houses and private cars were buried by local people, because the locals were jealous of Chinese people, who had so much wealth, which should have been theirs. If the Chinese immigrants had followed the local customs and assimilated into Indonesia, they would not have been regards as a group of Chinese and discrimination might have been alleviated.
All in all, the immigrants should follow the customs in the new country, which can help them survive from the culture shock sooner, and assimilate to a new culture.

###

Technology makes people's lives simpler rather than complicated

Believe it or not, nowadays people are always confronted with a problem that whether technology makes their life simpler or not, thus making them confused. Many people advocate that technology makes their life easier. Although I conceded technology may make people's life complicated in some aspects, the convenience it brings is more. In what follows, I will illustrate my point of view.
First, when it comes to the field of transportation, there is no doubt that the technology in automobile has made people's life simpler. With a private car, you can reach the destination in another city just sitting in the vehicle. Alternatively, if you would like to have a trip across the ocean, a plane can carry you there in only a few hours, which is hard to imagine in the ancient times.
Second, technology also makes teaching simpler. In the past, teachers have to write what they want to convey to students on the chalkboard, resulting in a great waste of time and the fatigue of teachers. With the advent of iPads in e-learning, paper books become unnecessary, so does the blackboards, it is because all the knowledge and information are stored in the iPads, with a single click, and they would appear right before your eyes at once.
Admittedly, to some extent, technology may make people's life more complicated. For example, the cell phone, which used to be simply a tool to deliver messages to your contacts in a distance, now are playing a role more than just a phone in social communications. For instance, folks have to check their Facebooks, Twitters, and Forums accounts every minute, which add too much pressure to them. In addition, games on their phone exert a tremendous fascination on teenagers, leading to a large problem that they got addicted to their phones. Consequently, making their life more complicated and tired. 
Based on the factors I have mentioned above, a conclusion can be drawn that although technology may make people's life complicated in some cases, the convenience it brings in people's are significant.

###

Best way to judge about people is to be familiar with their personality - not with their look

Individuals have two features, one of them is appearance and the other one is personality. From my point of view although appearance is important, personality is the most important. We can never judge about a person with his or her appearance. Some people believes, individuals who have black skin or are frown are not good person and in opposite individuals who have pale or white skin or always have smile on their face are good person. I completely disagree with these kind of judgement which someone makes.
First of all, there are people who play a role and cheat the other individuals with their playing, therefore we have to be aware to never judge with their appearance. For example, some people cheat their fiance before marriage by showing a cheerful face and well spoken; however, after getting marriage they show their real personality.
Second of all, there are some people who are black skin, fat and frown, nonetheless they might be a great person for leaving and colleague. For instance, I have a neighbor who are old, black skin and frown and I had always panicked of her. One day in a cold winter while I was getting back to home from school I realized that I lost my keys, so I could not do anything before my parents getting back home. She asked me to stay with her till my parents come, also she was great in hospitality and her behavior was unforgettable. After that I understood, I had to never judge with people's appearance.
All in all, the best way to judge about individuals' is to be familiar with their personality not with their appearance. Unfortunately, many people play role to cheat the others, and they try to hide their real personality with their appearance.

###

Computers have made life easier

The advent of the computer is one of the results of the development of the advantaged technology. While some people advocate for the idea that computers have made life more complex and stressful, others support the idea that computers have made life easier and more convenient. In my point of view, computers brought convenience and easiness to our life since they enabled easier access to information and increased qualities of the communication. 
First, computers through internet made our access to information easier. Through computers we can collect appropriate data very quickly, store it in the hard disc as long as we want and use it when needed. Search engines such as google, yandex with many features relevant to the characteristics of the information needed enable search of information in few minutes. Social networks such as facebook, twitter have changed traditional sources of information and decreasing the monopolization of the information by the governments. Hence, with the use of computers we spend less time in search for information, and can get it from different sources. 
Second, in a globalized world that we live computers made communications faster, visual and cheaper. With the use of email our messages can be delivered to any person in any part of the world in few minutes. In addition, it is convenient because you do not need to mile to the post office, but just click the mouse of your computer from the convenience of your arm chair in order to reach your friends, family members in any part of the world. Internet facilities such as msn, skype made visual communication possible. For example, via skype people not just communicate with their family members and friends, but also make interviews for employment, enrolment into universities. In result, communication has become cheaper, faster and visual. 
Finally, I believe that computers have made life easier and more convenient in the ways that it broadened the sources of information and made access more quick, a long with the improving quality of the communication in many ways.

###

Detailed description of crimes on newspaper and TV can have bad consequences on society

Nowadays, the print as well as the electronic media tend to dedicate large amounts of airtime and space to detailed reports about crimes. Personally, I believe such details should be strictly censored, if not banned altogether.
It is widely known that the press provide the public with criminal content in order to increase newspaper circulation and TV rating. These days the primary purpose of journalists covering the details of criminal acts is, more often than that, to boost newspaper circulations and TV ratings. Consequently, a great deal of crime coverage is rather biased, exaggerated or fraudulent, which only result to terrorize communities and leave law-aiding people increasingly apprehensive of about crimes.
An even more detrimental fact is that detailed reports of crimes exposured on the press may provide the potential criminals with instructive learning materials, which would be hard to obtain otherwise. This may help those who are in the process of panning a criminal act perfect their plans, avoid the pitfalls and make themselves harder to be tracked down by the police. Thus, without the prevention on criminal details, the unlawful behavior would be more and more severe and the social harmony would be broken.
Most importantly, particular coverage of heinous crimes may further traumatize the victims of crimes because they have already suffered greatly for what they have experienced. Without their consent, this could only add to theses innocent people's mental suffering and they may do some extreme actions.
In conclusion, I strongly hold my point that any descriptions of crimes should not go unchecked as any longer, as they may be false, may further drive up the already-high crime rate and may bring even more suffering to the victims of crimes.

###

Use of CCTV cameras

Today, close circuit television (CCTV) cameras are widely used in a variety of circumstances. They are used in schools, businesses and some other premises in order to monitor the activities taking place. It is undeniable that the use of CCTV has plenty of benefits to offer, especially in reducing crimes and protecting the employees in a premise. Nevertheless, some argue that these cameras invade their privacies due to constantly being monitored. Even so, I strongly believe that CCTV cameras should be installed in every premise to combat the ever increasing theft rate and to protect the workers at the workplace.
Firstly, by having CCTV cameras at workplace, crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down. This is because when a shop is attacked by thieves, the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced. To illustrate this further, in Malaysia, policemen used the videos captured by the CCTV cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a Seven Eleven shop during the midnight. Not only that, as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance, they will less likely steal from the shops. Thus, it is clear that CCTVs must be put in all workplace so that crime rates can be minimized.
Furthermore, at some offices, employees are often required to handle angry or frustrated customers. At times, face-to-face interactions with an annoyed customer can put the employee in physical danger. Hence, the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation because the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded. In the event of an argument, the videotapes can used to determine what actually took place and further actions can be then taken. In short, these cameras can help to provide some form of protection to the workers against the customers.
Looking from another perspective, the use of CCTV cameras does cause controversy. Those opposing the CCTV systems feel that their privacies are invaded with the constant monitoring of the cameras. However, one must realize that safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy and prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences. Ergo, opponents of this system should try to comprehend the situation and take actions to prevent themselves from being victims of crime.
To conclude, CCTV cameras are essential and therefore must be installed in every premise. This is chiefly to shield oneself from being harmed by any intruders or robbers. Admittedly, privacies are lost with the use of these cameras. Nonetheless, safety should be put first in order to be safe.

###

Do you agree or disagree with the statement that a zoo has no useful purpose

Some people may believe that a zoo is futile in the era of globalization, which people can develop their knowledge fast and easily. However, I do not agree with them. I believe that the zoo is invaluable for human beings. It is very crucial for learning. It helps animals out of extinction. Also, it is a interesting travel location.
First of all, the zoo gives humans new knowledge. When you were so young that you did not know many kinds of animals, what should you do if there were no zoo? Inevitably, the zoo is the important place for innate learning. The zoo also let students have a chance to learning biology practically. They are able to observe animals' behaviors and features. Moreover, practical learning help students relax from a boring lecture class. Besides, researchers need the zoo to pick up some examples of animals for their researches because it has diverse species of animals.
Secondly, the zoo preserves a large number of rare animals and provides them safe habitats. In the zoo, there is not so harmful as a forest. They, fed by zookeepers, do not need to find food themselves. Furthermore, we can do artificial insemenation to maintain nearly extinct wildlife.
Last but not least, because of all weird, acute, and beautiful animals in the zoo, it can be a great tourist attraction. There are a lot of tourists who seek to see those animals closely. If the zoo has a large number of both national and foreign tourists, it will receive a great deal of money. That also make money flow, and then economics become better. It benefits to a certain country. 
In conclusion, the zoo not only saves animals in danger of extinction, but also helps people around the world have better lives. I firmly believe that the zoo is so useful for the earth.

###

Roommates quality and their importance

Much has been said about the importance about good roommates and how roommates will affect our life in school. Research showed that friends that we made in university are more likely to be life time friends and this especially applicable to roommate. In my personal opinion, the most important quality of roommates is being considered. In the meantime, communication is also another essential particularity of a good roommate. 
Consideration is always important in relationship. For example, roommate turns down the music or television volume at night time. Sometimes we will not know what we have done until we have a taste of our own medicine. At all times, think about the other's feeling before doing any self-centered action would help to improve the roommate relationship tremendously. Therefore, having a considered roommate is significantly imperative to our school life. It will not only prevent conflicts but also to have a friend or even a family member.
Moreover, communication is as well making a good roommate. People have different habit in daily life, such as tidy the blanket in the morning. One might think this is a piece of cake while other would consider it as immense project. If one requested to move out just because his roommate do not tidy up the blanket in the morning might be crying over split milk. Therefore, communication is very important as it would clear up the misinterpretation. Through communication, bonded are build and we could have better understanding of each others.
In conclusion, there are many valuable factors about roommate that are important. Consideration and communication, in my personal opinion, are the most important quality. However, people might not get what they want all the time. The sky is the limit; there are all kinds of personality out there. We need to be flexible to be account into society.

###

Students should be required to take regular standardized tests

The issue at hand is if the schools should require students to take regular standardized exams. This issue is important because nowadays many people cast doubt on it. However, I believe that standardized tests are valuable option for educational system as long as it would help teachers to know if the students are really getting knowledge.
Firstly, standardized tests are preferable due to the fact that they help teachers to fairly grade the students. For example some students are not so active on the lessons, cause they are already familiar with the issue. Therefore, exams could be the only way for teachers to see the real abilities of those students. In addition, many teachers rely only on the exam results while grading the class, so the usage of standardized tests is the superior option for them.
Additionally, standardized tests can be good chance for students to apply their knowledge on practice. Since, some students may get used to simply rewriting solved problems from the blackboard, so they will never try to solve problems on their own. However, standardized tests offer them such chance. Thus, it is clear that schools should require students to take standardized tests, as long as this option helps to both sides.
Finally, I think that requirement to take standardized tests is the right choice, since in this case teachers can compare the level of knowledge of different students. In any class there will be students who will show low academic performance, so teachers could work with them more intensively. I support the points of those who say that standardized tests are required over those who don't because if the teacher would know the level of each student he would fairly share his time to all of them.
Ultimately I feel that schools which obligate their students to take standardized tests are right. I belive this, due to the fact that these schools can qualitatively check if they are giving an appropriate education to their students.

###

People who can't accept others' criticism can't succeed in group working

In everyday life we encounter different people, and we receive different opinions about us or our works, no matter positive or negative. It might be easy to take praises but hard to accept criticism. Therefore, here goes the point that people who can't accept others' criticism can't succeed in group working. Personally, I agree with this statement.
First, the core of group working is "consensus". It's the idea that everyone's opinion accounts. In group works, group members gather together to have brain-storming discussion, think over every possible solutions and then finally reach an agreement. In this long process of discussion, there must be different opinions sparkling out. It doesn't work if one member solely insists on his/her idea and doesn't take other member's criticism because the work belongs to every member, not a personal show for specific one member. It's every member's duty to respect other's opinion.
Second, taking criticism is a virtue as you take someone's opinion that is against you. Even if you are not working in a group, you still need to take others' criticism. Criticism definitely hurts because it points out your drawbacks and forces you to confront them. However, criticism can help you detect those drawbacks and fix them if you are willing to take it. Those who don't even take a word of criticism will eventually lose chances to get improved. In other words, if you can't take any criticism, not only will you fail in cooperating with other people, but also get defeated in personal works. As one Chinese idiom goes: "The good medicine tastes bitter". Criticism might be the most powerful solution to heal.
However, some people might ask: what if the criticism proves to be wrong? What if that I was at first right but the seemingly reasonable criticism led me to the wrong direction? Doesn't insistence also a good character? In my point of view, even if you are right, criticism is still helpful because in this case it not only is a fixer, but it also serves as a practice to test you how much you know about your work. Taking criticism doesn't necessary mean that you have to take it all. You should have your own judgments too! And it's kind of art to make the best use of criticism.
In conclusion, criticism is essential especially in group working but in other occasions we still need criticism. It's just like a picky mirror through which we can see the bad side of us and thus try to become more beautiful and confident.

###

Successful people do something new or take risks

There is a hotly debated issue over whether successful people usually take risk or try new things, and the topic can be approached from several different angles due to its complexity. Some people tend to believe that to be successful, they should do something they are unfamiliar with, while others seem to stand on the opposite place. After deeply pondering over this issue, I develop my own perspective as well. I favor the latter; that is, successful people still do things they already know.
The first and foremost reason lies in an inevitable fact that to be successful, we all try to reduce the risk we might encounter. The lower the factors making us fail we have, the higher probability to success we own. Consider a circumstance in which one person is rich because he knows a lot of knowledge of investment. He can focus on certain companies which he thinks is worth it to invest, and then just waits for the not so high but constant income. He does not have to invest some dangerous companies to get higher profit which might lead him to bankrupt in a short time. Therefore, we can commence to agree that successful people do not have to try new things or take risks.
Moreover, another equally crucial aspect is that it depends on the capability of one to decide whether he can succeed or not. At least, a successful person should be able to dismantle the hurdles prohibiting him to success. For instance, the sports stars do not have to take some drugs to win a game or show their extraordinary skills. The same reason why they succeed is that they all have the predominated abilities in sports realm. In contrast, those athletes try to have distinctive performance by taking risks of taking drugs are failed to succeed. Hence, from this case, we are capable of stating that it is not necessary for successful people to take risks.
Admittedly, on the other hands, there might be some dissidents proclaiming that doing something new is necessary for people to success because they can become different from others, which is also a widely accepted idea for success. However, according to my limited understanding, I just doubt the credibility of that saying owing to its imprudence. Try something new can indeed make people become special, while it does not mean successful. 
Based on the reasons demonstrated above, I believe that doing what we already known can still leads us to succeed because the advantages of this are relatively greater than that of the opposite. In other words, reducing risks and enhancing individual's capability is the most important path to success. It is not to say, of course, that other points of view are completely without merit. Still, I am firmly convinced that the reasons I have proposed in favor of my own sentiment are much more tenable and cogent.

###

Universities require students to study many subjects or specialize in one subject

University is the place that provides people knowledge and skills to use in their real life. Some universities require students to study in one subject. On the contrary, others require students to study in several subjects. In my point of view, studying many subjects is better that one because students can study in subjects that they interested in, they can gain knowledge more than one field and they will have more chance to choose their future.
First of all, when students finished their high schools, they are confused about subjects that they are going to choose to study in universities. This is because they interested in many subjects and they want to try them all. For example, pupil who want to study science are also like to learn music. Therefore, requiring students to study in many subjects is good for them.
In addition, people who know a wide range of is better than people who know just one. Students can gain more knowledge in every different subjects thy study. For instance, university students who study business are also know history of the world. Furthermore, students not only gain knowledge but they also have more experience because they will meet new friends and teachers. Hence, they all can share opinion and knowledge to one another.
Finally, students who graduated with a variety of courses during university and lots of experience are definitely have more opportunity to choose their future or career. This is because graduates can work in various kind of works which they can select a job they prefer. For example, students will choose a career that they want including the job with high salary include. Moreover, bachelors can earn lots of money by working in other fields due to their knowledge.
In concluding, learning several subjects in universities is better than specialize in one subject because it makes students have more chance to gain knowledge to use in their lives and opportunity to choose their own future.

###

Do you think classmates or colleagues should work on projects in person or by e-mail

When it comes to the question whether classmates or colleagues should work on projects in person or by email, I am of the view that wok in person is preferred because this means help to achieve a good communication. 
Firstly, team members may have different views and they need to reach a union opinion efficiently. Obviously, discussion face to face in a meeting is much better than by emails. An experiment conducted by the Beijing University asked two groups of people to discuss the budget of an activity. The first group was asked to discuss in person, while the second group was asked to discuss by email. The result shows that the 1st group used 30 minutes to reach the agreement on the budget, while it takes 30 hours for the later one. The similar experiment done by other scientist show the same result that people can reach an agreement quickly if they could talk to each other. 
Secondly, work in person can indirectly improve the quality and the efficiency of the project because there will be less conflicts or fight amongst the team members. Writing an email for an informal matter will make that matter looks official, therefore people who receives the email may feel nervous or maybe feel offended by the words in writing. While if the same words are expressed in talking, the counterparty will feel more relaxed since their response will not be recorded and they will not misunderstand the informal discussion to an official claim. Therefore, less misunderstanding leads to less conflicts and fights, and enhance the communication amongst the team members. 
Admittedly, sometimes we have to use emails if the team members are not located in the same place. Although emails are not convenient for the work but it is better than none. Since it is a classroom or campus projects, there is few possibility that the project members are located in different areas. 
While we should realize that in a project, there are numerous coordination works are required, if each opinion is communicated via email, there will be hundreds or thousands of emails there that we know this is not a good experience. In conclusion, I prefer the project members to work in person rather them by email because work in person will be more efficient.

###

Some prefer to work for a company, some prefer to work for themselves

There are many kinds of jobs in society. Some of them are done by companies that related to government, and some of them are done by privat companies. Although both companies have their advantages and disadvantages, I would prefer to work for myself, and have my own business. There are many benefits when people work for themselves rather than work for the others. 
In the first place, there are a large number of opportunities in privat works that you cannot find them when you work for the others. In your job you can be boss of yourself; however, in the other jobs someone else are your boss. You always have to be responsible for your task, and it make a stressful situation that I never like it.
What is more, when people work for themselves they make more profit for themselves, but in the other jobs you make profits for the other such as your manager. Unfortunately nowadays most of them pick up this profit without sharing a small sum of it with their workers, and from my point of view it is unfair.
Finally, there are some authorities in privat jobs that workers are always looking for them while they are working for the others. When you work for yourself you can punch in and punch out whenever you want. Sometimes some occasions happen to people for example a disease, sticking in a traffic jam and sometime going on a vacation. For all of them we have to ask for a permission, and most of the time we are not allowed.
There is no doubt that working for the other have some advantages, too, but I imagine people that have their own business are more comfortable. They have more opportunities, profits, and authorities.

###

People should create a sense of co-operation in their children

It is undeniable that children have an innocent mind, and they requires a proper guidance at a specific time to make them understand the value of life. Some people think that it is better to make them competitive, while other believes to make them co-operative. Both these factors have their own values, and have been discussed in detail below:
Competitive children are more likely to be confident enough to handle the situations independently. This factor initially arises from the school, where teacher encourages student to feel more competitive through the grading system, and this is the place where children are trying to get on the top by scoring the highest marks. This factor will lead them to be successful in their lives ahead, but will also restrict them in many ways. For example, MNCs are mainly focusing on a team work, and a person with the competitive mind would be having a difficulty in managing the situation with the team.
However, those who wants to create a sense of co-operation in their children is a symbol that they want to make them sensible enough in their lives ahead. Although, they will not be having a pace and an eager to get on the top as the competitors do, but they shall have an art of managing different situations of life with the help of a team.
In my opinion, though competitive children will be far more clever and faster than the co-operative child in an initial level, but it will not help them to be on the success path for the long run; while on the contrary, co-operative child will have a potential of structuring and implementing new and innovative ideas with the help of a team.
To conclude, I would say that people should create a sense of co-operation in their children to make them feel more accomplished in life.

###

The tax reduction of state school for parents who have children studying in private system

Some people who send their children to private schools contend that the amount of taxes they pay for the state education is unreasonable. However, I am utterly convinced that these taxes are absolutely essential.
Firstly, by paying taxes for public school, affluent people effectively contribute to narrowing down the gap between rich and poor. It is true that many poor families are not able to afford tuition fees for their kids to attend a course. With the the tax amount for which they pay, the rich may help a vast number of students from families with poverty background to continue their studies, and earn a better quality of life.
Secondly, the tax reduction for parents of children studying in private schools would lead to a waste of public capital. Obviously, this reduction would cause a difficulty to the tax calculation; therefore, the government would have to recruit a greater workforce in order to handle this sophisticated issue. In addition, the government would also pay the salary for the excessive officials, and this would result in insufficient investments in other crucial public sectors such as education or health care.
Many parents supporting for the idea of tax discounts claim that such tax payments are unfair for them. They point out that it is irrational to require them to pay for the taxes they do not use. Nevertheless, we also pay for the public services that we even do not experience a chance to employ like police or fire brigade. We certainly do not hope for a reduction for these sorts of taxes.
On the whole, I do believe that taxes paying for state schools are necessary to be compulsory for all members of society no matter where their children enroll in.

###

Once you are unique enough, you are already on the way to success

Achieving success is everybody's goal for life and there are absolutely many different directions that can lead people to success. Some people choose to be normal to wait for chances, while some other people prefer to be different from everyone else. Which one is the promising way to succeed? In my opinion, I believe that once you are unique enough, you are already on the way to success.
First, being positively different from everyone else usually means that you've achieved something that is superior than others. As living in a competent world, we are like playing a survival game. Only who has the sharpest weapon can survive. If you don't make yourself outstanding enough or you fail to distinguish yourself from others, you will be easily replaced and eliminated by someone who is better than you. Take myself for example, when I was in college, I was always chosen to be the presenter of group report because I was the only one in my group who could present the report thoroughly and fluently.
Second, being unique can create your own value which can never be taken by others. In other words, once you are special and unique, pursuing success is a matter of actively creating the fashion rather than passively waiting for other people to recognize and appreciate you. Take the most popular and prestigious technology company- Apple- for example. The reason why it gains such a tremendous success is because it achieves some brilliant qualities that can never be caught up by other competitors. It has its operating systems that can run smoother than any other companies and its design always wins the popularity among consumers. It is the uniqueness of Apple design that creates its own value.
In conclusion, being different and unique is the better way to achieve success. It not only shows your competence but also creates your own value, making you take the lead in your way towards success.

###

Learning facts has more subsequent advantages for students' future lives

There are many debates regarding whether understanding ideas and concepts is more essential than learning facts for students or not. Although multitudes of people think that knowledge of ideas and concepts is more vital for students, I am in the conviction that learning facts has more subsequent advantages for students' future lives. In the following, I will state my reasons for this choice.
First, when students learn facts more in school, they would be ready for facing problems in their own life after their graduations. As a case in point, more information about facts would make students more familiar with the real life other that only their concepts. As a result, they would prepare to encounter their life out of school to solve their problems better. 
Second, it would improve students' social behavior. If students only rely on concepts and ideas theorically, they would not realize human's mind very well. They should understand objects more that concepts to obtain the ability of analyzing matters well. Thus, if they deal more with facts, they can realize social situations effectively and so improve their social communication in everyday life. 
Moreover, these way students are teached to control their fears and concerns in facing facts. As a matter of fact, when a student understands a fact and its consequences, he or she can encounter it more confidently. In my viewpoint, concerns and anxieties are very destructive in everybody's life. It can prevent person to progress and thrive in every position. 
All in all, I am in the belief that learning facts is more beneficial for students in both social and individual life in the view of above-mentioned reasons. Students would improve their social positions and encounter their problems in positive ways and also intend in the more confidence manner and etc.

###

There have been significant developments in the field of IT!

Decade after decade, every day, scientists discover magnificent devices in the field of IT, such as interactive boards, multicore computers and laptops, tablets, which have an incredible resolution and also mobile phones, which have the power of a computer. World Wide Web and communication via email are some of the positive sides of information technology, however, there are some negative aspects.
Firstly, connecting people by email is easy and fast. In addition, World Wide Web offers humanity to access to information, which they want to know for less than 10 seconds. These are two of the benefits, why IT is useful.
Besides, nowadays technology is entering into our society really quick and scientists develop robots, which help people cope with their problems or just invent coffee machines, engines with integrated computers and etc. For example, before centeries, there were not washing machines, which clean your clothes, while a person do another job.
Secondly, there are some drawbacks about this issue. Scientists believe that one day people will face their developments, for instance robots, and they will not succeed to control them. All this inventions will try to take control of the Earth.
In conclusion, I agree that IT discoveries are likely to have more disadvantages than benefits and people should know how to use their developments properly.

###

The environment problems facing today's world are so great

Nowadays, many countries are concerned with the environment problems. There is a viewpoint that the government and big firms should assume the responsibility to protect the environment and normal citizens have nothing to do for that. Personally, I think both government and common people should have the responsibility for the environment, but we need to analyze some specific situations.
On one hand, solving some environmental problems needs large budgets and various technologies, and the government and corporations have the ability to deal with these problems. For example, air pollution and water quality has concerned many countries, and the government is able to implement some policies and invest money to reduce air pollution, while companies also can enhance their technologies to curb emission of contaminated water and substances. However, individuals are unable to cope with these things.
Besides, the government and firms could have significant influences on environmental awareness of people. It is necessary for every citizen to have the awareness and knowledge of environment protection. This means that we should convey corresponding policies and knowledge to the public and society, and the government controls many influential media, such as TV stations and newspapers, which can provide plenty of environmental knowledge and related policies to citizens.
On the other hand, it is possible for ordinary people to participate in some actions of environment protection, and they also can benefit from the improvement of environment. For instance, many people driving private cars could cause air pollution, and overusing plastic packages would affect the environment. If people can gradually change some lifestyles in these daily activities, this will have many significant impacts on environmental improvement.
In conclusion, the government and corporations should take more responsibility for addressing environmental issues, but every citizen also can contribute to the environment.

###

Studying alone or in a group

When I found the chance of studying in a group with my classmates, I wished I can go back in time and took all my exams again. I personally prefer studying in a group due to these noticeable features, getting help from other students, improving my attitude for learning, managing my time in an effective way.
When pupils make a group for studying, all member of group have the same chance to help each other. They can work together for understanding the complicated aspect of a course. For example, when a group faces with complex math problem, they can share their opinions to solve it. In addition, such a remarkable effect has incorporation that all students can improve their weak points in a group. 
Increasing the motivation and competence spirit are another benefit of group-studying. In a group of student, the best of those always encourages others to study harder. Besides, pupils often have a tangible competence in order that they can get the highest grade in a group. Clearly, better learning is one of noticeable result of these competences and encouragements. 
When the students study with their friends, they should have schedule to use their time in an effective manner. Group-studying causes some kind of internal obligation to manage the time, inasmuch as we always care about other people and we do not want to waste their time. Therefore, time management is another brilliant benefit of group-studying. 
In conclusion, I strongly prefer studying in a group of my friends because of some important opportunities gaining with this activity. I can receive some helps from other student as well as improving my learning skills, also managing of time is another achievements of group-studying. Now, it is time to start without any regret from my previous exams.

###

E-mail or Voice mail Versus Telephone or face to face

Technology has been developing so quickly and becoming more perfect every day. Communication nowadays depends on technology pretty much. Voice mail, e-mail, telephone or just traditional way: face-to-face. However, I prefer e-mail due to 3 reasons: convenience, honest expression and fluency in communicating.
Everyone agrees that e-mail has been a great way of communication. You can talk to others from thousands mile. For instance, if you are in Vietnam and another person is in the US - half of the Earth, no matter how far it is, you can keep contact. We will never have to worry if our mails will be sent to the right address. If the address is wrong, then you will know right away. Moreover, e-mail doesn't take too much time: just a click.
In addition, writing e-mail helps people express honestly. Some people think that the face-to-face conversations make them feel stupid. Sometimes, their ideas are not expressed as exactly as they expect. For instance, I want to talk to my friend about a ticklish problem like her behavior, it's hard for me to face her and explain what she should do. Therefore, e-mail will be a good tool to help me speak out. She will just read my e-mail instead of listening to my voice which can make her annoyed. I don't have to worry about any other thing can make my opinion become unpersuasive.
Last but not least, every communication needs fluency so people can understand each other exactly and remember it for a long time. Voice email or face-to-face conversations sometimes make reserve people feel not very confident. For example, when I face my parents, I can't speak out every idea and express consecutively. They may stop me, speak something against it and that makes me forget what I want to say. Anyone can meet this problem once in any conversation. E-mail helps me arrange my idea perfectly and make it persuasive. 
On the whole, to compare to all ways of communication, I really think that e-mail is the greatest way for major people to use. Its convenience saves our time. Additionally, honesty is necessary for every conversation and also fluency can't be missing for a persuasive expression.

###

Influence of large factories

Nowadays, whether to establish large factories nearby housing areas has become a controversial issue in our society. Out of the case of economic development, industrial buildings are a necessary part of modern society. However a vast number of people are against building a factory near their community because of pollution. From my point of view, the advantages of building a factory will outweigh its disadvantages, if we tackle the environmental problems brought by factories.
First of all, a large factory can stimulate local economic growth and reduce the unemployment rate. To manufacture goods, there must be the demand of laborers, from which the local residents can benefit. What is more, the factory is not isolated, other industries and business will be quickly established, resulting in economic growth of local area. For example, the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers' accommodation need.
The main disadvantage is contamination. It is true that some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry, such as water pollution, overcrowded traffic and medical problems. For instance, in some industrial cities, a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems, such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances.
However, it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society. Therefore, how to improve the disadvantages of building a factory would be more important than whether to build it. In fact most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well.
In conclusion, installation of manufacturing plant is a trend of industrialization for many countries. Its advantages will outweigh disadvantages as long as the factories dispose their waste and pollution in the correct way.

###

Living in big cities or living in small towns

Continuous technological and economical development in modern world created great differences between cities, a difference that is clearly visible in the size of various cities. From cities with more that 20 million people to small towns inhabited by only hundreds of people. This diversities in cities allowed for more difference in people's preferences for where to live. For me, I prefer to live in bigger cities than in small ones, this personal attitude is the result of many factors.
First of all, I find the excitement of big cities to be attractive, living in a dynamic environment can turn into a very rich experience that sharpens one's personality and open one's eyes on the real world. Life in big cities cities gives one new challenges every day, let it be deciding which restaurant to go to or deciding which company to work for. For me, this lifestyles is very attractive and is considered a huge advantage of big cities compared with the constant, slow paced life styles of small towns.
Another thing that put big cities in front of small towns is the facilitates and services it contains which support and improve the quality of its inhabitants' lives, hospitals, advanced medical facilities can satisfy one's need of medical safety. Cultural events such as exhibitions and theatre plays can enrich one's and widen his horizons, things which aren't offered by small towns.
Furthermore, it's undeniable that the economic power of a country is driven by it's big cities and the majority of wealth and finance is centered and controlled in big cities. With this kind of power big cities offer more opportunities for one's career advancements and a more chances of higher income that small towns does, and higher income can be the basis of a happier, healthier life.
Finally, although I prefer to live in a big city, I can not help but assure that this is a matter of personal taste, to be clear, I would love to spend some days in countryside to recharge my soul and relieve myself from daily stress.

###

Businesses had better not employ the workers for the whole of their life

Many entrepreneurs hypothesize that it is safer to hire employees for their entire lives in order to ensure the productivity and efficiency of working. From my perspective, those assumptions are not only conservative but also out-of-date. I am biased towards the opposite side that businesses had better not employ the workers for the whole of their life because of the three main crucial reasons. 
First and foremost, various ideas and creativity from different people are indispensable for a company to flourish. The invaluable experience of senior employees can pass down to the young apprentices who get used to new job, but regularly give out creative and novel ideas. What's more, the rapid development in every field nowadays requires precise updates and access to new knowledge. Therefore, the youngsters are capable of meeting those standards. More importantly, they have activeness, inventiveness and enterprise which allow them to complete their jobs perfectly. These vital factors can decide whether the company can thrive or not.
Secondly, the staff soon gets boring with their stable job in such a long time. At a certain time, they may presume that a securing job is the most important and necessary because they need to earn money to manage their life. Thereafter, the bulk of them realize that high promotion and competition can assist them to improve their skills and horizons also. Many people enjoy challenging them because they don not want to be monotonous and passive ones. The same-old-same-old environment soon makes them depressed, so this situation will have an adverse impact on the enterprise. 
Last but not least, the economic crisis and financial recession result in a tremendous increase in unemployment. In my opinion, the businesses ought to recruit many workers so as to tackle this aching issue. It enables the jobless to better their life and earn a living. Furthermore, the factories and companies will have abundant human sources to ensure the pace of manufacture and also devising lots of unique ideas. 
In a nutshell, varied characteristics of various people, feeling tired of having the same occupation and solving the unemployed problem drive me to agree with the statement that the employer should not hire the staff for a whole life. I believe that the brilliant bosses are conscious of the need for giving opportunities to diverse employees.

###

Prohibit public smoking?

The awareness on harmful effects from smoking among the general public has put much pressure on the government and private sectors. As a result, some businesses prohibit smoking in their premises and even some governments restrict smoking in public area. It is agreed that the move will do more good by looking at the quality of health and image of a nation in long run.
Firstly, it is well known and clinically proven that smoking is extremely hazardous to the smoker and others who have been exposed to the fume over a period of time. Recent death statistic released by the Malaysian Ministry of Health shows that the top killer was lung related diseases caused by smoking. A large proportion of death involved second hand smoker particularly young children and pregnant women who were vulnerable to these lethal diseases. Therefore, the number of fatality can be significantly reduced if a total ban on public smoking is implemented.
Secondly, the image of a healthy nation can be promoted when government restricts public smoking by imposing stern penalty to the offender. For instance, the Brunei government had recently enforced a law against smoking in public areas such as cafes, hospital and shopping street. This step has curbed down the numbers of smokers in the country and as a result, Brunei remains a place known for its tranquility and cleanliness. This example shows the benefit of restricting public smoking to a country as a whole.
To sum up, the effort to prohibit people from smoking in public area is certainly helping in curtailing the associated health risks and to create a healthy nation. It is hoped that more businesses and governments will follow the same initiatives for the interest of the people and the country.

###

Advantages and disadvantages of machines instead of human to do the work

The issue of whether using of machine are bring many advantages to society is of great concern to many people. In my opinion, although using machines have many benefits, we cannot ignore its negative effects.
It is undoubted that machines can bring many benefits. For one thing, machines are more effective than human. Not like human, machines do not need rest, which means they can work as long as employers want and consistently produce high quality products without any mistakes. For another, using machines can save company's money. Because machines never ask for salary, over-time pay or pension, so employers do not need to spend money on employee's welfare. The company only needs some technicians to make sure machines are working on the right track or replace some part when machines are not working. 
However, the disadvantages of machines that bring to us should not be neglected by people. To start with, because of extensive of using machines, many people loss their job. Especially in large population countries, high unemployment rate may cause crime and social instability. Apart from this, using of machines are also pose serious pollution and energy dissipation. For example, nowadays people prefer to use dish-washing machine to wash dishes and plates rather than hand washing. But they did not know that compared with hand washing dish-washing machine consume at least 2 times water and electricity to wash these tableware. As you can imagine, if thousands of families use dish-washing machines, how many water and how much electricity will be wasted!
In conclusion, although we cannot deny machines are play a vital role in people living and working, problems posed by machines should draws more attentions as well.

###

Smoking should be made prohibited in public places

People the world over have designated smoothing as a shameful practice and a lethal habit. Several millions of smokers die suffering from cancers such as lung and oral. This bad habit also responsible for causing health hazards to passive-smokers: who are around smoking is taken place. Thus, it is argued that smoking should be made prohibited in public places such as bus and railway stations. This position will be proven by looking at how this arrangement has benefited both general public as well as smokers.
To start, non-smoking public would be undoubtedly benefited by enforcing such restrain. Prior to 1980's public places in Sri Lanka, illustrates unpleasant situation where people smoked freely. Even in public transportation they engaged in this intolerant bad habit, some instances that lead to belligerent incidents. After enforcing restrictions the situation came to control and this act as benefit rendered to the public.
In addition to this, introducing smoking ban in public places would greatly discourage people from engaging tobacco puffing. For instance, further enforcement banned smoking in capital in Sri Lanka has reduced this consumption related diseases and deaths, as per the ministry of health. As this shows, smoking restrictions has successfully daunted public from this bad puffing that put less strain on country's healthcare systems.
After analyzing smoke illegalization in public places in Sri Lanka, it has been proven benefits people enjoy this arrangement. It is thus hoped governments would consider smoke banning in public places following footsteps of Sri Lanka as well as many other countries.

###

Distance-learning vs. attending school in person

A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether distance-learning should be promoted as much as possible, or rather attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities because this way of learning is superior than online degrees. From my perspective, online-teaching should be widely used among colleges and universities in terms of convenience and optimizing cost for educational institutions.
To begin with, distance-learning brings significant convenience for students in every corner of the world. In earlier times, students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby, regardless of any differences in teaching facilities, teacher's qualifications or the school reputation. Now, however, students are able to apply for online-courses provided by top-of-the-range universities and colleges worldwide. Furthermore, the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students. Consequently, educational institutions are able to optimize costs by increasing teacher-student ratios. Thanks to the economical online-teaching, universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains.
Nevertheless, opponents of online-degrees would argue that attending lectures in person provides students an opportunity to communicate with teachers and other classmates. They further point out that traditional teaching approaches involving discussion and cooperation among students play a significant role in campus life. It is the real interactions and communications in class make education much more attractive.
By way of conclusion, it is my belief that distance-learning will become increasingly important in the future as the pace of life increases. However, discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently so that the joy of learning would not be diminished.

###

Gossip-based information

Nowadays information plays an important role in our world. It has become a product, which can be sold, bought, or stolen. Some people say: "information is power". That's why it is so important to be well-informed. I consider the statement above to be right for several reasons.
The first reason is that by using different sources of information we can guarantee its reliability. Some people may disinform you on purpose, that's why it is rather unwise to make conclusions before you are confident of the information. For example, Russian news announced that the war between Osetia and Georgia had been initiated by Georgia, however, european news announced that it was initiated by Russia. After a while the situation became clear, but before that a lot of people had already condemned the actions of Russia.
Secondly, it is very important to know facts about some events or problem, not only estimations, because it can help you to make your own conclusion or estimate. Sometimes it can be really difficult to find out the facts, especially in the internet, that's why you have to look through different sources before you manage to find some reliable facts. It is possible to make a wrong decision because you have just used someone's personal opinion as a source of information, but it was actually wrong. For example, several years ago in Moscow salt became two times more expensive only in one week, because people thought that soon there would be no salt in the shops. The gossip-based information dramatically influenced the prices and only after official announcement the "salt-panic" was over. 
To conclude, I want to say that it is very important to be confident of the information, which you use, especially when your conclusion or decision may have a great influence.

###

Improve roads or public transports

Many people think that governments should spend money on improving roads and highways while the others say that it would be better to spend money on public transportation. In my opinion, governments should certainly spend money on the public transportation system because it would deal with problems that the rising number of private cars is creating.
First, the using of public transportation reduces the amount of resources using on transportation. Cars depend on gasoline, which is a non-renewable resource. Therefore, the more cars we use means that the faster gasoline in this world is used up. In the contrary, if the public transportation is efficiently used, the amount of gasoline consuming per person will be much lower. And this definitely helps to reserve our invaluable natural resource, gasoline.
Second, public transportation helps to solve the air pollution problems. Averagely, public transports use much less gasoline to carry people than private cars. It means that by using public transports, the less gas exhaust is pumped to the air and people will no longer have to bear the stuffy situation on the roads, which is always full of fumes.
Last but not least, using public transportation is much safer than private transportation. According to National Safety Council, riding the bus is over 170 times safer than private care. Thus there is no reason that governments should hesitate to invest in public transportation, a healthy, safe and economical way of transporting.
In short, I can say for certain that spending money on improving public transportation is necessary because it is the key to protect our world, creating a healthy and safe environment for people to live in.

###

Technology designed to make people's lives simpler often make them more complicated

Many people think they are blessed to be in the era of high technology. With newly developing technologies, people are able to carry various tasks more convenient and easy. For example, we no longer have to travel to DMV to renew our driver's license or drive to bank for sending money. Ancient people would probably think that we are like magicians. However, even with all the conveniences, we would have to admit that technologies made our lives more complicated. There are couple reasons and examples to support my answer.
Of course, new technologies are always great. However, it takes time for people to adapt them. Since we are informed with devices that are produced with new features nearly every day, many people often get lost. For instance, I use new Iphone which I personally think is great. However, even though I used it for couple months, I still do not know how to use all the features proficiently. At first, I tried to go through all the instructions but, soon, I gave up because I found out that it is time-consuming and there are too many things to learn. 
Next, technology destroys the language. Ever since people used computers or cellphones to chat with others, they created their own language to communicate. Because people try to type as fast as they are talking, they use a lot of abbreviations and broken language. This has gotten worse with twitter, myspace, and facebook. What are even worse, young people who are still in the early ages are exposed to them and impeded by the newly developed inventions. To clarify, my younger brother does not know how to spell the words correctly and he talks to his friends with terms that I have never heard of. I have tried to correct him for couple times but he just thinks that I am too conservative.
Although technologies allowed us to have a convenient life, it has made our lives more chaotic according to the reasons mentioned above.

###

Keeping animals in zoos

Since the time they were introduced zoos have both been supported and criticized. Many believe that zoos could be very entertaining and ecologically important, whereas, others think that keeping animals in captivity is totally wrong. Both sides will be discussed before a reasonable conclusion is drawn.
First, critics of zoology argue that keeping animals in captivity is wrong because animals should be considered non-human persons and they should have the right of having freedom. This is so unfair for them to be taken out of their natural environment and to be kept in small enclosures. That is because, many zoos, especially the ones in developing countries, do not provide care and attention which their animals require. The animals are often undernourished and do not have sufficient quality and quantity of medical treatment. In addition, sometimes animals from hot countries have to survive in the cold winter of somewhere in Europe.
On the other hand, the advocators believe that zoos provide the public with good entertainment and also help to ensure the balance of the ecology. Many people, especially young children enjoy going to zoos and see their favorite animals, cute baby-born animals and the animals that are from the different corners of the world. Zoos provide educational information about the lives of different animals to the public. Also, zoos play an important role in reserving many breeds of animal and preventing them from being missing from life. This is due to the fact that, in zoos, animals are kept in enclosures which simulate their own habitats and also endangered animals are being protected from their predators or hunters. Thus zoos are needed to keep the nature balanced.
In conclusion, both of the arguments have strong supports, but in my own view, more good come from zoos than bad. However, it is hoped that the standards of zoos should be leveled up to ensure that the animals in zoos are provided with good care and attention.

###

Television has more bad than good in respect of bonds with family and friends

There are many interesting programs on television which anyone can enjoy at little cost. Compared to other hobbies such as going to theater or going to sports stadium, it is a very cost-effective hobby that gives viewer quiet a few indirect experiences. However, from my point of view, television has more bad than good because it has made people not to have conversation each other.
To begin with, television shows make people forget what is really important. One who has favorite programs tends to be obessed with them when they are on air. Thus, they cannot make appointment or go out with their family or friends at that time since they think the programs are so crucial to their lives. One of my friends, for example, once cancelled an appointment to play basketball with in order to watch the favorite television show "Infinete Challenges". This is not only about basketball, but also about our friendship, which depends on how often we meet and have a chance to talk to each other. That is, watching television alone at home, my friend lost the opportunity to increase cohesion between us.
Moreover, even when people watch television together, there is no chance for them to have conversation in front of television. Watching television program together is not that different from watching same program alone. Thus, it is not good for them to watch television if they want to improve their sense of closeness. To illustrate my point, it is reported that most of people don't converse with their family when they are watching television together. It is natural they behave in that way because television shows don't require any participation.
In conclusion, I firmly believe that it is detrimental to communication among members in group, family or friends or whatever, to sit in front of television and just stare forward. It is because television not only makes people be obsessed with it but also makes their mouth close.

###

Gun control 

Gun is definitely not a kind of normal good in our society, which is strictly controlled in most countries. However, gun control in some countries is relatively loose than others. Therefore, this is still a controversial topic around the world. From my point of view, it is sensible to enforce the gun control.
The first factor considered is the risk of accidents with guns. The accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns. For example, we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting. So the fewer guns possessed, the fewer accidents would happened, our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates.
Secondly, most violent crimes are related to the abuse of guns, especially in some countries where guns are available for people. Eventually, guns will create a violent society if the trend continues. Take an example, in American, young adults and even juveniles can get access to guns, which leads to the tragedies of school gun shooting. What is worse, some terrorists are able to possess more advanced weapons than the police, which makes citizens always live in danger.
Thirdly, the possession of guns can also raise the rates of suicide. In the US, firearms remain the most common method of suicide, accounting for about 50 per cent. Unfortunately, there is an increasing trend of adolescent suicides and suicides among those age 75 and over.
In conclusion, considering the rise in accident rates, violent crime rates and suicide rates, I support that the guns should be strictly limited and the government should enforce a series of laws to prevent our societies from violence.

###

Fossil fuels will soon be replaced?

Although renewable resources of energy are elements of the current and future energy strategy, as far as I'm concerned, these new forms of energy cannot soon replace fossil fuels such as gases, oil, and coal.
Firstly, due to the limitation of technology renewable resources are relatively expensive. Researches in renewable energy cost a huge amount of money which developing countries cannot afford. On the other hand, fossil fuels are abundant and inexpensive in many areas. For example, it is estimated that China has the largest deposit of coal in the world and the government does not want to invest too much money on new forms of energy, say expensive solar batteries and wind farms. Thus the plan of renewable resources of energy may face challenges in that not every country can afford the reforming.
Besides, although utility companies claim that renewable energy is environmentally friendly; these new forms of energy may not be as clean and green as we think. Latest studies have shown that these renewable resources of energy are problematic as well and they are very likely to pose long-term environmental hazards. For example, the dams built for hydroelectricity influence the water flows of the rivers and sometimes cause drought in areas in front of the dams. This damages the habitats of many valuable fish and wading birds. More importantly, the accumulation of heavy metal in the silt on the bottom of the rivers behind the dams is extremely difficult and expensive to clean up; leaving problems for the following generations. Thus renewable resources are not as reliable as we think.
Admittedly contemporarily fossil fuels cause serious environmental conundrums such as acid rain, deduction of ozone layer and global warming; these problems can be solved by improving efficiency of the mechanism and reducing emissions. For example we can use chemicals to desulfurize the emissions from plants and vehicles to avoid acid rain. These improving methods are often cheaper and simpler compared to the high-tech of renewable energy. With these solutions fossil fuels seem more sustainable.
In conclusion as promising as renewable resources of energy sound, there is no way those new forms of energy will replace fossil fuels soon.

###

Creativity - should it be given freedom or restrictions

Creativity is the ability to think beyond the obvious. Many governments restrict the artistic works of the creative minds. Creativity originates in a free mind. Hence, creative artists must be given the freedom to express their ideas without any restrictions.
Time and again, creative artists like Michaelangelo, Picasso, Salman Rushdie, Shakespeare etc. have made artistic works which gave a social message. Right from sculptures to paintings, books to drama and movies, all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras. Creative works help to create social awareness by giving a social message.
Nonetheless, innovative works makes people realize things in a peaceful way and peep into their own conscience. It helps to raise issues and criticize the wrong doings of the governments. For instance, Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin was accused of acting against the government, just because she raised a social issue. This type of approach is a hurdle in promoting creative minds. In addition, creativity also gives aesthetic charm.
Unfortunately, many governments restrict the artists. Frank Zappa once said, "Mind is like a parachute, it doesn't work if its not open". Restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains. Like the media, artists should also be given the freedom to express their ideas freely.
However, artists should also know not to hurt the sentiments of the people. Many artists have been involved in controversies because of hurting the religious or social beliefs of the common people. Artists should have self-awareness not to create vulgar, hurtful or useless works which do not serve any purpose. I firmly believe that artists should be given the freedom of expression. Mind can not work when it is chained in boundaries. Imagination is at its best when the mind is relaxed and free from the fear of government or any restrictive laws.

###

Study at school or get a job?

Many people believe that children should study at school to have more knowledge that prepare better for their future. Others, however, think that these children may disrupt their school work and should be allowed to leave school early to find a job. Personally, I tend to agree with the point of view that student have to be forced to study at school.
First of all, schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying. It creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things. Second of all, schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students. Students may learn professional skills, expand their understandings and gain experiences. Therefore, they have more opprotunities to find a job and to be successful in the future. For example, as we know, employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills.
Nevertheless, it is not unreasonable that some people think that children should interrupt their school work and get a job. Whether children can learn a lot at school, there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future. Furthermore, children can learn social skills when they have a job. They can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school. Working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they've earned.
Overall, I believe that students should study at school. Even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job, studying at school is always the best choice for children's future. There are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job.

###

Some people think that human needs for farmland, housing and industry are more

Nowadays there are some issues which many countries and nations are concern about that. Two of the most important of them are rate of increasing population and endangered plants and animals. From my point of view although endangered animals are important, human needs should be considered more.
Firstly, day by day population is increasing, so human needs for food is increasing as well. We need farmland to grow crops such as wheat and corn, and there is no doubt that without food people cannot alive for more than some weeks. Therefore, farmlands are vital for human life.
Secondly, people need shelters to protect themselves from mother nature such as wind and flood and wild animals, so they need land to build their houses on it. Dwelling is one of the most important human needs after food which is undeniable.
Finally, human need some crucial things to continue their life, and most of them are industrial such as medicine. Therefore, some lands should be assigned to industry. Todays life has some difficulty which become comfortable with the help of industry. 
To conclude, the population of endangered animals are less than people's population, so they do not need so much land that people need. I would maintain that nowadays humans need farmland, housing and industry because of increasing population are more important than saving land for endangered animals.

###

Large amount of violence in television programs

Excessive violence in television programs has been one of the major concerns facing society. Reducing such contents from TV shows is the widely accepted solution endorsed by the majority of governments throughout the world today. Personally, I believe that governments should definitely reduce violent components to the minimum in kidvids, while such contents remain in the TV shows that for mature minds to watch would be entirely reasonable. 
Admittedly, reducing the proportion of violent content in TV shows could, to some degree, decrease the overall crime rate. However, in order to tackle this problem more effectively, governments must first prohibit any types of violent content in all children's television programs. As a result of mental immaturity, most youngsters are incapable of distinguishing right from wrong. Little wonder, then, that by watching these violent TV programs and videos, juveniles will become very aggressive and offensive and have a great tendency to commit crimes. Therefore, it would be rather necessary for governments to establish an intensive law that prevents teenagers from watching these violent and brutal TV Shows and movies.
Nevertheless, it would certainly be a violation of adults' civil liberties, if governments implement such a restricted regulation on these TV shows or movies that only for mature audiences. Frequently, adults watch horror video or war movies for relaxing themselves after a busy day. For whom, such media sources are mere materials of relaxation and entertainment. Considering that these mature minds are capable of being responsible for their own behaviors, they certainly have the right to watch TV shows or movies that are appealing to them. 
In conclusion, it is my belief that violent contents must be excluded from all kidvids in order to reduce the proportion of juvenile delinquency; however, the adults should not be the victim of this policy.

###

Childhood is the happiest time of a person's life

I agree with the statement that childhood is the happiest period of one's life. It's not only the lack of responsibilities and daily struggle that make childhood the happiest time of our lives, but also factors like learning lots of new things every day and freedom to imagine and say what you think.
Starting with our adulthood, we are strictly bounded with our responsibilities in our daily lives. We are told at what hour we shall wake up, how we shall dress up and how we shall behave. Every action we make are watched closely and judged by the community. But during our childhood, though responsibilies exist, we are much more free to do what we would like to. Being late for school or laughing at a place where you aren't supposed to do not have consequences as serious as that would be if you were an adult. 
Another great thing about being a child is possibility learning new and interesting things about the world you live in every single day. Being a child means that you are new in this world and every single thing around you is there to be discovered by you. There are lots of new facts you can learn, stories you can listen to and things you can see. Therefore, childhood is the period of time in which a person is surprised most.
Using your imagination and saying what you think freely is another great thing about being a child. Children are not judged about the things they say as much as the adults, and freedom to express yourself is a very important for developing a colorful imagination. In adulthood, people are forced to express themselves in boundaries, therefore they are in no way free to think or use their imagination.
Childhood, in several aspects, is the happiest period of our lives. It's not only because of the nature of childhood and children, but also the way our lives are changed when we are adults. In an ideal world with less boundaries, social judgement and more freedom of thought, things could be different; but since this is not the case, it seems that we will always be missing our childhood days.

###

Famous people are bothered by the media

Some people think that mass media should only focus on news and current affairs. Others believe that television, newspapers and magazines should keep us entertained and therefore they should pay attention to famous people lives as well. This issue is a controversial one, but in my opinion a closer examination reveals that mass media deal too much with superficial things for different reasons. 
One reason is that television and newspapers focus on famous peoples' lives in order to increase their audience or readership. Gutter press and Tabloid TV are more and more replacing quality papers or documentaries programs. Thanks to the Internet, we can go online and have access to information from all over the world and therefore mass media don't need any more to keep informed people but their goal is to have enough readers or TV audience. 
Another reason is that we live in a society where the most important thing is appearance and gossip. Nowadays, unscrupulous paparazzi constantly follow celebrities just to take a photo while they are eating or training. Newspapers often receive accusations of checkbook journalism; this means that magazines pay people a lot of money for stories or photos. Additionally, there are Reality TV, television programs in which people are put into artificial environments and situations, for example like "Big Brother".
To sum up, it is clear that television, magazines and newspapers pay too much attention of peoples' private lives for all the reasons mentioned above, namely to increase audience or readership and to give exciting and shocking news to a society which feed upon gutter press and Tabloid TV.

###

Non academic subjects should be removed from syllabus

Students have become more and more stressed during the last few years due to the increase in academic tasks assigned by their teachers to improve their academic success. While some people believe that non-academic subjects should be completely removed, I strongly disagree with that.
To begin with, from the health point of view, schools should not only deliver academic subjects. If physical education is removed from the syllabus, there will be considerable negative effects on students' health. For instance, after studying and sitting in the classroom for the whole morning, it is better for students to do some outdoor activities, such as stretching, jogging and playing ball games, in order to improve their learning ability during the afternoon classes. Removing physical classes from school education will not only be harmful to young people's health, it will also decrease their learning capability.
In addition, schools are responsible for developing their students into well-rounded people. It is more important for a person to success in life than to success only academically. Success in life should be the ultimate goal of a student, which requires more than academic knowledge, but also practical life skills such as cooking, good communication skills and teamwork spirit. Thus, school education should not only focus on the academic development of a student as it is much more crucial to teach them how to be independent and live a good life.
Some people may argue that students can learn practical skills after school hours from their parents. However, I believe that it is not a good idea because most young people would rather watch TV or play computer games after school instead of learning life skills from their parents. Moreover, parents are usually too busy with their daily jobs to teach their children the life skills.
In conclusion, I strongly believe that non-academic subjects are as essential as academic subjects for a student's development. Therefore, schools should not remove these subjects.

###

Technology that widen the gap between rich and poor?

Technology, in the past two hundred years, has taken a dramatic progress in many fields of our society, such as telecommunications, manufacturing and buildings, etc. Certainly, technologies have also contributed to the great change of our daily lives. However, today some people consider that the range of technology regarding of public has a negative effect on increasing the gap between rich and poor. Personally, I find it hard for me to agree with this opinion by the following reasons.
In the first instance, the progress of material technology leads to the sharp fall of price of a great number of products. About ten years ago, mobile phones ware very expensive for most members of my country, only a few of rich individuals have enough money to buy one. Today, mobile phones become a common one of household items, which due to the cheaper materials and better producing technologies. Thus, most members of our society can benefit from the consequences of technical advancements, especially the poor people.
Secondly, technical developments improve productivity, which help people to escape from daily chores, and invest more time and energy in studying and living a more meaningful life. With the development of Internet, we can enjoy the pleasure and conveniences which it brings about for us every day. In the past time, we had to spend a lot of time searching information and waiting for letters of our friends who lived far away from us. Nowadays, we can talk with our friends online, no matter where we are and how far between us. In addition, the Internet gives everyone access to the same information, this therefore leads to greater equality between individuals.
Undoubtedly, everything has two sides and technology is not an exception. To some extent, the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology, because only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products, and these products can help them to earn more in return. Nevertheless, I think it is a limp opposition to the remarkable advantages of technology, and technology is not the root cause of the gap.
In conclusion, the good technology bringing to us is undeniable. Under proper use of technology, the human being can be benefit a lot and perpetually from the advancement of it.

###

Testing on animals and keeping them in unnatural conditions

Perhaps the most serious problem facing the animals' rights today is animal experimentation. Many medical treatments have been discovered by animal testing, including cancer and HIV drugs While most scientists claim that this is vital for improving human health, I believe that primates should have the same rights as human beings.
There are several reasons why animal testing should be banned. Firstly, the costs outweigh the benefits. Every year, cosmetic companies, farms or medical schools kill millions of animals to test their products, without any beneficial result. Animal testing costs an enormous amount of money, since they must be fed, cared for and treated with drugs or experimental substances.
Secondly, animals are kept in unnatural conditions. Recent studies point out that animals are neglected and treated poorly, which influences their reactions to drugs. In March 2003, a lab technician shot a video inside a lab, which revealed primates in cages without pain medication, for instance one baboon with a metal cylinder screwed into its head. Consequently, I think that sacrificing animals is an expensive and painful activity.
There is also the argument that many ethical and genetic principles are broken when testing on animals. Many people agree that it is not only inhumane and cruel to cause pain to animals, but also misleading, since animals and people's response to a drug can be different. I personally believe that human beings have no moral right to use animals in ways that do not benefit the individual.
For the reasons mentioned above, it seems to me that testing on animals has no clear result and consequently, it should be made illegal.

###

People benefit more from coming computers into their lives

Computers have revolutionized our lifestyle during last century. However, some people especially young ones use computers extremely and this excessive usage lead to increase stress among them, but computers have brought many advantages to our lives. From my point of view, computers have an important and inevitable role in economic, business, and other part of societies. In addition, they make the way of living easier by doing our routine duties. 
Admittedly, by using computers in many industries human's role has been reduced. Nowadays, computer can control and perform some routine activities in industries, which were early done by human. Many industries use computers to command to robots in order to do many regular tasks, which were carried out by human early. For example, many processes of production of cars are carrying out by robots, which are controlled by computers. In addition, car companies use computers to simulate and analyze car accident by computers. Despite many advantages, by coming computers many jobs has been vanished. A large number of industries fire many forces because of doing their works by new technologies and computers. 
Computers have an important role in social and personal life. Computers have opened up a network connection among people. This technology makes easier for people to send and receive personal message. Teenagers and adolescents spend free time in front of computers. Moreover, People can use computers to extract their essential information easily. By contrast, excessive use of computers has brought many difficulties. The results show that teenagers who are addicted to computer games show more violent and stressful behaviors. People who have type by computers may suffer from such disease related to knees. 
By considering all reasons, advantages of computers outweigh disadvantages. People benefit more from coming computers into their lives. In addition, computers can do most difficult tasks which leads to make life easier.

###

One long vacation or several long vacation

Everybody require some break from their tight schedules likewise students also require vacation form their intense academic schedules. Many people promote one long vacation system of the school because it would help student to start their course or academic year with strong zeal of learning. So other several, prefer numbers of short breaks during the year so that student can get rejuvenate periodically. In both the scenario students relief themselves. However, i discern that several small breaks will help students to be active in their academics.
Firstly, several vacations throughout the year will keep stress level of students low. Many educational bodies schedule its small vacations after term exams so that student's get relief form exam pressure. However, research done by universities proves that student's performance improves if they get regular breaks from their learning, preparation and examination schedule. Many colleges in foreign countries provide vacations to students after each semester that facilitate student to entertain themselves as well as prepare for their next semester. Also several holidays aid these students to not only amuse themselves but also arrange fund and materials such as books and references material for their upcoming course.
Secondly, scientific research provide several authentic survey of the students' performance after break. It states that students learning capability increase after having refreshing vacation. To quote an instance, in my school we used to get several vacations after our quarterly exams. During those vacations i used to analyze my performance in latest examination and used to go through those question or concept again to avoid making same mistakes. I also used to spend my time on developing some recreational activity or learning some sports or game. During my all vacations, I used to miss my school due to which I used to restart my session with great enthusiasm of learning and scoring good marks in new quarter.
Vacations are not only required by students but also by professionals and housekeepers. As it not only provide break to them from their regular commitment but also allows them to spend some time on themselves, heel stressful mind and boost desire of resuming to the regular schedule. Therefore schools should consider giving several small vocations to the students during the year.

###

Computers have made it possible for office workers to do their work

Some people think that working at home brings to workers and employees too much convenience, but i don't. Because the best conditions are sometimes not likely to be good as the expectation of people. Working without pressure and interaction are some examples for these disadvantages.
Pressure is motivation. Each office has its rules that keep workers do their job as effectively as possible. The directors manage employers and give them the deadline of projects. Then again, the workers must try their best to finish the time limit. Doing all jobs at home don't make employees attempt to work like this. 
Computers and modems bring works to home but these still have many things distract their mind. Facebook or Yahoo have been the entertaining websites, however, they are the reasons why people cannot concentrate on their job. The dos and don't at office play important role to prevent these things from workers. In condition, doing all jobs alone makes employees fall asleep easily. As a result, the project cannot being done. The best condition might not be good for people. 
Interaction has been an advantage for workers at offices. Discussing and debating Projects together increase working ability because all we know that the target can be reached fast thanks to working of many people. Besides, interaction help employees improve their communicational skills, therefore, they will have more and more friends and relationships. Interaction is a factor increasing working quality.
There will have many disadvantages if the workers work at home. Mitigating process, no interaction and pressure are these things people should examine when they want to work at home.

###

Should good people are rewarded and bad people are punished in movies or dramas?

When we watch movies or dramas, some of us like to see good people have a good ending and bad people are punished. While there are also some people who do not like this. Personally, I prefer to see good people get rewarded. However, if the good people always get an happy ending, I don't think it's proper.
First, if all the story end up in the same way, it will be boring. If good people always win, we can guess the ending of the movies or dramas. Then we will feel less interested in them. But if the good people are not always rewarded, we will try to finish the movie or dramas to find out the end of the story. For example, Hollywood stories usually have a happy ending like a hero beats a crime and get a girl. But now many people, including me, have been tired with it. I don't want to see the same kind of ending again and again. So we can't always let good people be rewarded in movies or TV programs.
Even in the real world, good people can get a bad ending sometimes. And I think it happen more often in the real world than in those movies. So if children always watch the TV programs that good people get rewarded, they may think it will be true in the real world. They will be misleading by those movies. And they may act like good people in order to get reward. Once they find the good people are not always get rewarded, they may feel upset and not to be a good person. But in fact, the good people do good things no matter the ending is good or not. So we should tell this to the young children to avoid the misunderstanding.
In fact, those good endings sometimes are helpful. Some people may be encouraged to do good things. But like I said, this kind of behavior won't last long, because someday they will realize the truth. So I suggest we should show people the truth in the stories. And if they can, they will be good people no matter how the story ends.
Based on my arguments above, I think movies and TV programs should present different stories in which good people get reward or get nothing.

###

Some students prefer to study alone

Everyone has their method to success in life. At school or university, success depends on how we study. Some students benefit a lot when they study with groups. Yet, I prefer to study individually because it helps me to concentrate more, and it helps me to build my personality.
Studying alone helps us to focus more in our lessons. For instance, I am a type of person who cannot comprehend my subjects unless I am alone. I can prepare my schedules, guidelines, exercises and go over them all. Moreover, we have a lot of subjects which require us to sit and study alone such as math, reading, and drawing. In my opinion, I can take advantage of every minute without wasting by studying alone.
Additionally, we are building our personalities when we study alone. For example, answering our homework alone encourages us to be more responsible and independent. Also, it motivates us to be accurate in our work in the future. Personally, when I fix my study plan with a specific time and finish it on time, it improves my ability in the future to become more precise and careful. 
To conclude, there are many ways to study and it is our right to choose which is suitable for our characters whether alone or with group. In fact, I agree with the idea of studying a lone since it helps me to focus more and establish my personality. Success needs us to work hard and sacrifice more whether we choose to study alone or with group.

###

Government and education

Primary and secondary education provide a basic knowledge and skills to the people in this world. I completely agree that government should provide those education to their people; however, for the more higher education like university, the students or their parents should pay for the fees.
Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees. In the other hand, I don't think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students' primary and secondary education. It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education.
Moreover, students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part-time job and they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it. They will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves. In addition to that, the students will become more independent and it will build their characters in the marketplace as well.
Furthermore, this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future.
In conclusion, I completely agree that government should not pay for the university fees because this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them.

###

Salary increases and promotions to new positions are not the only ways

It is unquestionable that salary increases and promotions to new positions are very common way to reward employees for good work. Besides the methods, from my point of view, providing professional training can be effective in encouraging further good work. My arguments for this point are listed follows.
Firstly, training time can provide employee interesting time outside working office to refresh their mind. Clearly, in company we always have to deal with so many stressful situations such as negotiating with difficult customer, complaining from boss, etc. Therefore, we can unleash uncomfortable in training classes by making new friends, joking in class, enjoying new knowledge.
Secondly, employees fell that they are valuable if they are trained. In this case, the employees know that their company is investing on them for future development of their company. So obviously, they will think about develop long term career with their company. For another thing, employees will be very proud of themselves when they are provided training while others don't have this opportunity. 
Thirdly, providing training will make employees happy with their current job because it help them improve their professional business knowledge. Having professional training help employees gain more confidence in their business, so I believe that they will finish their jobs with excellent result. Of course, excellent working result will make them very happy as well as their boss.
In conclusion, providing professional training as a reward for good work has many advantages. Training can help employees refresh their mind as well as make them happy, focus on work. Taking into account of all these factors, we may reach the conclusion that training can be effective in encouraging further good work.

###

More people are migrating to other countries than ever before

The last 50 years have seen an increasing number of immigrants to other countries. People moved due to a number of reasons, namely better educations or higher salary jobs. Some people thought that they should follow the local customs in order to integrate into their adopted countries' cultures. However I strongly believe that they are able to sustain their cultural identities and doing so help they keep their origin values.
Firstly, maintaining one's cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments. Take Australia for example, immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues. Many Australians come this day to enjoy the shows, learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values. These feedbacks, in turn, help raise one's pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more. Thus this makes it clear that sustaining the cultural values of immigrants is paramount essential.
Secondly, it is crucial to keep one's identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin. For instance, children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends. In this new environment, parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home. Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated, in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism. Hence, it is clear that keeping the cultural traditions in the destination countries is tremendous important.
To conclude, although there are opposing ideas of neglecting one's cultural values to adapt in the new cultures. As far as I am concerned, sustaining the traditions will make the immigrated people keep their cultural identity and give them confident among the many culture society.

###

Old and young workers

Throughout human history, the offspring has always proved its stronger adaptability and advancement than its predecessor. This is still true in the industrial society nowadays, where younger workers are preferably employed and promoted rather than over-50 workers. There are three reasons that can explain their unresponsiveness to the modern workplace.
First and foremost, old workers are not a patch on the younger ones for their unchanged paradigm. The old were raised in poverty, probably caused by war, look at the world from a negative and pessimistic point of view. The misery is so ingrained in their mind that they refuse to change, or more precisely, to accept the existence of such modernity. For example, most would rather choose to piece together parts of a machine than have it done by a robot for their disbelief of its efficiency and safety compared with human's capability.
Secondly, their unresponsiveness can be attributed to their attitude towards life. In other words, that they are aware of their deteriorating health and lack of enthusiasm comes with their taste for monotony and safe ideology. This, by all means, is outweigh by youngsters' adventurousness and bravery. Blatantly seen, success of most companies stems from young people, whose enterprising ideas that catch up with the world is regarded as wind of refreshment.
Last but not least, knowledge is worth mentioning as a key factor to help young workers outrank the elderly. Who would the employer choose, an old man with old-fashioned education and a young man who is not only good at fundermentaly subject, but also knows how to program or how to speak foreign languages. Not to undermine old workers, but their lack of authority over such basically required fields in this day and age leads to their incompetence in every modern workplace.
All in a nutshell, workers over 50 have proven themselves subordinate to the following generation in all aspects. However, in my point of view, it is still of great importance to remain the harmonious coexistence of both sides for the smooth sailing of the company.

###

We can not forcedly put the same numbers of males and females into every subject

There is a view that universities and colleges should equally enroll male and female students in numbers in each faculty. Personally, I do not agree the viewpoint, because many different characters exist between male and female students.
On one hand, boys and girls have the diversity in psychological modes and individuality. Most of male students tend to use their left brain to think and act, and they are more rational and logical than girls in many cases. For instance, there are more male scientists and engineers in comparison with females around the world. Many boys are interested in science and technology, while a number of girls like to learn literature, education and arts. Besides, girls are more likely to prefer some jobs related to emotion and communication, such as teacher, singer and interpreter. This means that girls differ from boys in mind and behaviour to a large extent, and they both have better ability in the specific aspect.
Furthermore, it can have a negative affect on these students to require them to choose a subject in equal proportion of gender, and that does not conform to students' personality traits and mental development. For example, a girl, who is interested in literature, is arranged into an engineering department, but she is unlikely to focus on her subject, and this also can block the girl's future development and career prospect.
On the other hand, universities should encourage more girls to choose science subjects and more boys to study the humanities, and this could avoid imbalance of gender in some subjects. It would affect students' mental health to study in the environment of single gender.
In conclusion, it is necessary for universities to respect the individual choice of subject due to the diversity of boys and girls, and we ca not forcedly put the same numbers of males and females into every subject.

###

The best way to relax is by exercises

In modern society, people often face many difficulties under great stress. Therefore, it is necessary for many to find ways to relax. Although miscellaneous people may apply diverse strategies, such as reading, watching movies, or working in their gardens, I argue that the most suitable method of reducing stress for modern people is by different kinds of exercise, which can not only improve health conditions but also bring positive emotions.
It is not surprised that exercise play a crucial role in ameliorating physical health. Any kinds of sports, such as jogging, swimming, or playing basketball, can effectively facilitate human respiration and circulation system. Moreover, these sports can also strengthen muscles and lessen surplus adipose tissues in human body. The latter one is of particular importance because nowadays more and more people are suffer from obesity. Many studies has points out that numbers of overweight people have increased in developed countries in recent years, which mainly results from insufficient exercises.
Sports activities can improve mental health as well. When people exercise, the neuron cells in the brain release a chemical compound named Dopamine. This hormone can delight one's mind, creating positive feelings. Thus good exercises can often successfully alleviating one's heavy burdens. Moreover, rigorous exercise can also hone one's will, which enable people to be able to tackle stringent problems and arduous tasks.
In a nutshell, many activities can let humans relax. Nevertheless, I assert that the best way of diminishing stress is by exercises, which can benefit everyone not only physically but also mentally.

###

Factor of choosing a career.

In many societies, choice of a job depends on the size of the salary offered. Nevertheless, while I admit that the salary is very pivotal factor, I claim that there are other equally vital aspects that need to be considered in this regard.
To begin with, I agree that in order for people to cover their daily and general needs they need money as well. However, aspects such as: friendly colleagues, environment and work-place condition, sometimes, have even more impact on person's happiness and quality of life. People, for instance, who don't like their co-workers and working condition are considered less satisfied with their jobs, despite of a high salary. In this sense, it is also one very salient proof of the accuracy of my position.
Further and even more importantly, most of the satisfaction of a job comes to people from their professional achievements, skills and the position they reach. In other words, career promotion or getting some kind of credit from the administration of a company or organization are, likely, more enjoyable achievements than getting a high salary. For example, people, who work in monotonous jobs, where no achievements or a new positions can be reached feel themselves more dissatisfied, even though they have a very good salaries.
In conclusion, I disagree with the idea that salary outweighs any other motivators, as there are other even more important aspects such as: friendly co-workers, working conditions and professional achievements.

###

Should animals be free or live in zoos?

Many people state that zoos are a great asset to animals. Others believe that they are inferior creatures and therefore do not deserve our attention. In my opinion, we must help animals live safely and comfortably in their own environment.
Many scientific studies have revealed the detriment that zoos have caused to animals. Firstly, like we, human beings, animals are delivered to this world with genetic instincts. Skills which help them live and survive in their residing areas. When we captivate animals and put them to live a style of life that they are unfamiliar with, they begin to loose those in-born instincts. Hence, when they are released or in the worst case, when they escape, they act disorientated and this contributes to the animal mortality rate. 
In addition to the previous point, various zoos do not have the proper implements or policies that assure the quality of animal care. For instance, I recall my first trip to a zoo, at age eight. I was shocked by the cruelty which animals were treated. I can not think of any staff memeber who did not have an improper behaviour towards the animlas in the zoo. They beat them up because they did not wanted to eat their meals and then excused themselves saying that it was a way to train the animals.
In conclusion, I strongly believe that we have to assit animals and provide them the best quality of life possible. Scientific facts showed the damage that zoos can inflict on animals. Moreover, many zoos do not meet the standards of care required for them.

###

Gun control and increasing violence

Some people may argue that allowing policemen to carries firearms can increase violence in the society. To some extent, I do not agree with this assertion because I believe that criminal minds that breed violence not stringent gun control. 
First of all, it seems to be true that if there is gun control somehow crime has to decrease because fewer guns available mean less crime. However, this is not as simple as it sounds. 
In fact, stringent gun control does not decrease violence and crime because most gun violence is committed with guns obtained illegally. People who are intent to commit crime and control cities through gang violence and other means will find a way to continue to use guns, regardless of gun control. 
Moreover, there will be law non-abiding people anywhere in the world, either polices or common citizens. As a result, the root of violence is criminal mind not the weapon itself. Therefore, if a government wants to control crime in a community, it is important to manage their people's actions rather than gun used in violent crimes. 
All in all, it is obvious that there is a poor relationship between polices carrying guns and an increasing violence rate. On the other hand, criminal mind seems to be more related to violence. Consequently, we should pay more attention to adjust people's behaviors in order to reduce crimes instead of gun control.

###

Do guns can really increase the level of violence?

The number of criminality is increase rapidly throughout the world. Some inhabitants argue that this case appears because the guns are always used by a police to solve a criminal act. Personally, I tend to disagree with this statement, while I believe that other factors contribute a slight incline level of violence.
On the one hand, I agree that a police holds a responsibility to tackle of violence in the urban or suburban areas using a gun. An obvious example of this happens in The United State, a man killed more than ten people in the cinema using a weapon, while a police shot in the foot to paralyze him. Obviously, police officers can force a criminal to surrender, because they have a weapon which will prevent an escaping criminal who poses a serious danger to the public. As a result, some military weapons need encouraging for police officers to protect the public and minimize the rate of violence.
On the other hand, there are some reason why the level of bloody increases significantly in the communities. Firstly, the number of unemployment rate has risen to 15 percent in several globalized and non-globalized countries. Many well-qualified and well-educated person cannot earn some money to live comfortably. Secondly, cost of living in the big city is extremely expensive, so this problem impresses some people who live under the poverty line to do anything to pay their basic needs. Many baggers chose to be a pickpocket in the public transport, for instance.
In conclusion, it seems to me that the guns which are used by police have not been a trigger of higher level of violence. However, some cases occupy a crucial reason to do a criminality in society such unemployment. In my view, the main focus is decreasing a level of unemployment to avoid a criminal act.

###

Capital punishment is necessary or not?

Capital punishment is a controversial debate in many countries. In a world where brutal crimes need to be deterred, it may be true that the death penalty is an efficient retribution to admonish the violence. However, as the society grows, human rights become more highly respected, "murdering" criminals is therefore immoral and hard to accept.
First of all, it is recognized that every human being has the right to live and no authority is empowered to deprive one of life. Although what criminals cause to the society, specifically to the victims, is indeed significantly offensive, they are humans and their lives need to be valued. In addition, execution does not resolve the consequences of crime, not to mention it could put the criminal's family through hardship while the pain of the victim's kin is never to be consoled.
Secondly, capital punishment is certainly not the only option to control the amount of crimes, life imprisonment is just as effective by detaining the criminals in prison for the rest of their lives. Moreover, in terms of punishment, living a miserable life with restriction to the world outside and sustaining the feeling of guilt every day in a dark bounded room are much more obsessing than being killed right away.
The third reason why the death penalty should be banned is the chance that innocent people are wrongly convicted. Juries are also humans, they may lack of discretion. Thus, many people are executed for the crime they did not commit, which leads to a question of fairness in judicial system.
In conclusion, although capital punishment presents an extreme warning to the community, I firmly object to it because it is absurd and inhumane. Furthermore, it can be replaced by a life sentence.

###

Gender Equality at university admission

Nowadays men and women are equally participating in every field. Contrastingly, in the past time, women worked at home and performed sophisticated work. This factor is still affecting thinking of many people. They still believe that in present time women must do such type of work only. This tendency enforces universities to accept student according to the gender.
Universities should accept equal numbers of students of both genders. Initially, if we look into the fact, women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor. For example, nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky. They are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also. Furthermore, university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination. They must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission. 
However, the current job market affects the decision of universities. Every university designs its courses according to the need of employers. The job selection criteria are pre decided. For instance employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine. They prefer male staff for night shifts. They want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling, teaching, designing etc. Therefore, universities follow the requirement of job providers and decide subject suitable for particular gender.
To conclude, I strongly believe that universities must open choice for everyone to select his subject. Our youth has become very confident towards his career. They are not ready to be bound in certain limitations. Female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer. So we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal.

###

Reading fictions is more pleasant

There are many different opinions regarding hobbies. Some people would rather watch TV. However, in my view, reading fiction is more enjoyable than watching movies for the following reasons.
Firstly, fiction books pay more attention to details. In fact, we can know characters, places, and times of a novel very well during reading it. Most of the novels describe not only main characters but also other people in the novels, where each scene is happening. For example, after I read animal farms which is a story of Russian revolution, I could understand the leaders and different segments of the Russian people. However, a movie just gives us a very small review of its stories and characters.
Secondly, reading a novel is more convenient. Some novels have around 100 pages and readers cannot finish them in just one hour. Yet these people can continue to read their novels wherever they find free time such as in bus or trains. For example, I have started to read a novel since last week. I do not have enough time to read a novel in one day, so I usually read it when I am coming home from English class. In contrast, I cannot watch a complete movie because I can just sit in front of TV for 15 minutes and after that, I have to study.
Some people might argue that people enjoy watching TV when they know they can learn many things such as learning a language by watching movies. This point has some merits on the surface; however, movies are not a good idea to learn a language for beginners since characters in movies speak very fast and unclear for language learners. For these learners it is better to start by reading some novels which are more comprehensible and enjoyable.
To sum up, reading fictions is more pleasant because these books have more depth, are much easier to use, and more useful for language learners.

###

Should governments spend more money on improving roads and highways

Nowadays transportation has attracted much social concern. Whether governments should invest more money in traffic infrastructure or focus more on developing public transportation has erupted endless controversy. It does not seem unreasonable to suggest that governments spend more money on buses, trains, and subways investment. Such public vehicles are used to serve a large number of people in society therefore they help alleviate traffic congestion and decrease the amount of carbon released into the air. Both these two things are important.
First and foremost, carbon emission cut is significantly essential for protecting the atmosphere. The fact is that the more cars and motorbikes are on roads, the more seriously the ozone layer is damaged. If governments use more money to improve roads, there is a strong likelihood that more people drive their private cars work. This is sure to lead to more carbon emitted into the atmosphere, which can cause skin cancer and destroy the natural environment. Whereas, if there are more good buses, trains, or subways, people are inclined to use less private vehicles, which decreases the amount of carbon released. Obviously, the policy that concentrates money on developing public transportation brings an advantageous impact on earth. 
In addition, the policy would play a pivotal part in relieving traffic jam. It is quiet clear that traffic congestion is a serious problem in many big cities. The main reason for this issue is that there are a great number of vehicles flowing on roads. In order to tackle the problem, governments have to turn people' attention on public vehicles to reduce cars and motorbikes. There is the possibility that improving roads and highways does not seem to reach the major cause of traffic congestion.
In conclusion, I would concede that high-quality roads and highways make it easier to move around. Nevertheless, public transportation systems even have more important advantages. They not only ease traffic jam but also protect the atmosphere. That is why many governments around the world invest more money on developing public transportation facilities.

###

Prepared Food

Nowadays, more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals, since it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society. However it is obvious that prepared food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients, ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people's eating habits. In this essay, I would like to explain why this is not a good thing based on the three reasons above.
First of all, to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious, almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people. Some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences. For instance, there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases. Thus, easy-to-cook foods sometimes could be dangerous for human's health.
Not cooking fresh food will also lead to the lack of nutrition. It is true that cooking prepared food needs much less time in comparison with the fresh food. Whereas some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared food is unable to support enough nutrients we need, especially for children who are growing up.
In addition, cooking is one of arts humans create. The more prepared food we eat the more cooking skills we lose. At the increasing living pace, the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes. But rare people have been aware that this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits, which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking.
In conclusion, although the invention of prepared foods definitely satisfies the demand of some people who are busy in their work, it is not a good thing. Cooking is not a waste of time, contrarily, it is crucial for our health and culture.

###

Parents or other adult relatives should make important decisions for their olde

It might seem that teenaged children particularly in age of 15 - 18 are fully grown, so they do not need any help for making important decisions. However, in my opinion, teenagers need more attention and help in comparison with the higher ages. I will discuss my view in two main areas.
In the first place, there is no doubt that parents and other adult relatives are more experienced towards children, therefore they are the best advisor for their children. They have experienced a large numbers of stuffs during their life, so if children listen to their advices they can prevent happening worst things. Also, they can save value things in their life such as time and money, and enjoy they life with the best way.
Moreover, I have always believed that parents and adults relatives are the best friends and consular for the teenagers, because unfortunately nowadays there are some individuals who cheat the others for gaining more power and money. They cheat young ages because they believe they are immature and they can trap them easily.
To sum up, it makes no difference, people from young ages to old ages are free to make a decision, nonetheless sometimes to prevent some problems coming up for young individuals , it is a good idea to ask parents and adult relatives to give a piece of advice.

###

Should teenagers learn all school subjects/focus on one subject

Presently, it is commonly accepted that students have to learn over eight subjects in school. Public retain differing views on whether to teach students all subjects or just focus on one subject. Some parents are satisfied with the full class schedule of their children. While, others claim that studying only one subject is more effective. Before rendering my own opinion, I will explore sides of this topic.
The benefits of teaching students different units are easily recognized. In the first place, with some basic knowledge of diverse fields, students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future. Teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate. In students' point of view, the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes. However, still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum, instead, they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done. Besides, most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs.
Those who advocate focusing on one subject believe that this education model can cultivate more talents who specialized in different areas and increase studying effectiveness. This is probably because students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects. However, the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected. Most importantly, under such target-oriented education environment, teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study. Moreover, the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study.
It is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents, while its shortfalls are so vital to students' future. Therefore, I do support the view of learning all school subjects.

###

Prevention is better than cure

It is a completely right and extremely wise policy to focus on health education and preventative measures rather than treatment. Once applied, it will bring many benefits to both citizens and governments.
Health education causes long-term positive effects on our next generations. First of all, thank to a full health education from their childhoods, children will have good habits of taking care of their own health and these habits may be kept in their adolescences. For example, if a child is educated to have a hygienic lifestyle at a very young age, he also keeps it when older. Secondly, health education will prepare for people especially children necessary knowledge to protect themselves from risks of diseases. Instead of afraid or panic, they may be calmer if unfortunately committing some normal diseases such as allergy or illness in seasonal changes. Many diseases which may be cured easily can turn to serious ones if we do not have right treatment. Health education will help people to have right choices of treatment to recover more quickly.
Preventative measures will help improve general health state of all citizens. For example, vaccines will guarantee that pregnant women and their babies are protected from serious infectious diseases such as flu, smallpox, rubella so on. When huge injection campaigns are organized throughout our country, the community's health state will be improved remarkably. As human resources play a key role in the development of a country, investing money to enhance the general health state is a totally right decision. In addition, because the cost of treatment is often much higher than that of prevention, the government can save a lot of money for our country's health budget.
In conclusion, I strongly agree that we should give more priority to health education and preventative measures than to treatment. However, reasonable attentions should be paid to treatment so that our citizens are always looked after with best services.

###

A successful person is one who has earned a lot of money

It's such a common definition of a successful person is one who has earned a lot of money, especially in nowadays society. Each individual visualize success differently. Still, my term of a successful man is one who has certain achievements in life rather than the one with a high income.
Money is undeniably pivotal, but ways of earning it is also various. A person's great prosperity does not state that he has gained it ethically by himself. Nevertheless, a man can only achieve his accomplishment through hard-working, dedication and passion. Whether it is a personal or a social achievement, that man is laudable.
More importantly, the more beneficial for the society his achievement is, the more successful he is considered. For instance, Thomas Edison is undeniably considered as one of the greatest inventors in the 20th century since his invention's productivity is countless useful for mankind. On the other hand, the fact of knowing a man's utilization of his money remains in the dark. Therefore, judging a person by his income is difficult, especially in the success aspect.
In conclusion, using only money as a scale to measure a man's success is impossible despite the fact that it is the essential in basic needs. Yet, it is the common scene that a man can be publicly considered successful when his achievements, which can only accomplished by passion, dedication and ethics, are helpful not only for himself.

###

It is essential to have ability to plan and organize

With the fast rolling wheels of modern society, life becomes more complex and is not easy to handle than in the past. Therefore, it is essential for people, especially young ones, to possess the ability to plan and organize since it can improve the efficiency and reduce the crisis of our actions. Meanwhile, eliminating meaningless actions.
First of all, great planning and organizing ability is able to cause our actions more efficient and productive. Take myself as an example, I used to be overwhelmed by the burden of preparing for the final exam, submitting my paper, and finishing my internship work at the end of each term. Yet, in this year, following the suggestion of my roommate, John, I make a to-do list to plan and organize perfectly everything I should get done in the final and hence take every tasks and trivials into control. This plan ability helps me a lot, making me climb to the top rank of the class while finishing everything else.
Equally important, the capacity to plan and organize also help young people to eliminate the crisis in their actions, which may ruin one's whole effort over a very long time. As we all know, the employees in every company have to create profit as much as they can for their supervisors and complete their assignments perfectly. If some employees lack the ability to plan and organize ahead, they may get the procrastination and therefore take into action until the deadline is imminent. However, things have been changing all the time. For instance, the deadline of task is shifted to an earlier date for the change of company's schedule. In this case, those employees who did not plan and finish their assignments ahead of time perhaps are unable to finish these tasks on time and therefore will be penalized or get fired. Every employee can not afford this kind of loss.
Finally, some assert that the ability to plan and organize can be learned until obtaining a job. Thus, it is not need for young people to possess this ability. Nevertheless, this ability is also essential for young people since young people can overcome their bad habits and fulfill their goals more quickly with this ability. As searching information on the internet, young people are probably distracted by other attractions such as online games or social webs. At this circumstances, they would surf on the internet for hours and end up no where. It is obviously a huge waste of time. But if they make their plan in the first place, and then stick to their plans, they could get their work done quickly beyond their imagination.
In this complex society, we, young people, are encompassed with multiple tasks, so the ability to plan and organize is undoubtedly a powerful and sharp weapon that we must be armed with.

###

Living in smal towns

Place of living has the most significant affect on our lives and we have to choose it according to several factors. Some people prefer to live in tall buildings and crowded areas, whereas others prefer to live in a small and calm town. I would prefer to live in a small town and I think a small town has some advantages, such as good weather, a healthy life and better facilities.
Firstly, the first advantage of living in a small town is a healthy life that we can obtain due to many items. One of the conditions that helps us to be healthy is good weather and less population that exist in a small town. Also, in a small town there are less crowded and less traffic. Living in a place with less pollution such as air pollution or sound pollution helps us to have a healthier life and one of the main consequences is less stress and more happiness. Moreover, in a small town foods and materials we need are healthier than in big cities and there are fresh foods and fruits. Regardless of some exceptions, it is obvious that living in small towns is healthier than in big cities.
Secondly, another advantage of small towns is living costs. Living cost is one of the important concerns in every society and then, in a small town living cost is fewer than in big cities. Therefore, in a small town we can live in big houses with good landscapes, also because of less crowded spaces we have more facilities and more services. Transportation cost is less than in big cities and we have less traffic so that we can save time and money.
In conclusion, I prefer to live in a small town and I think it has some advantages such as less stress, because of better weather conditions and also, better relationship within a town. In small town people know each other and have better deal together than big cities therefore on big cities people feel alone and depress more than small cities. However it is an obvious fact that people in small town have more happiness and friendship and less illness and stress.

###

